Experts question if  packed out planes are putting passengers at risk .
U.S consumer advisory group says minimum space must be stipulated .
Safety tests conducted on planes with more leg room than airlines offer .
Drunk teenage boy climbed into lion enclosure at zoo in west India .
Rahul Kumar 17 ran towards animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!'
Fortunately he fell into a moat before reaching lions and was rescued .
Nottingham Forest are close to extending Dougie Freedman's contract .
The Forest boss took over from former manager Stuart Pearce in February .
Freedman has since lead the club to ninth in the Championship .
Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto has been linked with Liverpool and Arsenal .
Neto joined Firoentina from Brazilian outfit Atletico Paranaense in 2011 .
He is also wanted by PSG and Spanish clubs according to his agent .
CLICK HERE for the latest Liverpool news .
Tellall interview with the reality TV star 69 will air on Friday April 24 .
It comes amid continuing speculation about his transition to a woman and following his involvement in a deadly car crash in February .
The interview will also be one of Diane Sawyer's first appearances on television following the sudden death of her husband last year .
Giant pig fell into the swimming pool at his home in Ringwood Hampshire .
It took the efforts of a team of firefighters to winch him out of the water .
A wayward horse also had to be rescued from a swimming pool in Sussex .
Figures show that while millions still tune in they listen for shorter bursts .
Average listener spent ten hours a week tuning in last three months of 2014 .
This was 14% down on decade earlier when people tuned in for 11.6 hours .
The BBC Trust has cleared the way for firms to buy their way into lifestyle programmes on the World News channel in a product placement experiment. For example publishers could pay to have their books reviewed on Talking Books. The BBC Trust will review the scheme in a year.
Show will return with a onehour special followed by spinoff star John Stamos says .
He announced the show Monday night on "Jimmy Kimmel Live"
Reanne Evans faced Ken Doherty in World Championship qualifier .
Doherty won the world championship in 1997 .
Evans lost the first frame 7115 against Doherty .
But the Dudley native fought back to lead 43 .
Ken Doherty however managed to close out an enthralling contest 108 .
Gang have been jailed for a total of 31 years for sexually abusing children .
Offences happened in cars woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury .
Lured victims to parties organised on social media and then abused them .
Girls aged between 13 and 16 were exploited by the gang from 2009 to 2014 .
Mohammed Ali Malek 27 has been charged with multiple manslaughter .
Arrived in Malta on Italian rescue ship with bodies of 24 migrant victims .
He was arrested alongside his 26yearold Syrian 'smuggler accomplice'
Prosecutors say Malek crashed into ship which had come to its rescue .
Migrants then shifted position as result of collision causing it to capsize .
Lippert 42 suffered deep gashes to his hand when he was assaulted by knifewielding nationalist Kim KiJong in central Seoul last month .
'It is an amazing apparatus one I haven't seen before  so innovative and creative' he wrote on Facebook .
Alastair Cook completed his century on the second morning of action .
England captain resumed on 95 and reached three figures before retiring .
That allowed Ian Bell to arrive at the crease as tourists continued to bat .
U.S. hostage Warren Weinstein is believed to have been accidentally killed in counterterrorism strike .
Peter Bergen: U.S. should rethink hostage policy to increase chances of freeing those held .
Sofia Davila 21 nicknamed the 'Black Widow of Facebook' over crimes .
Caught after going to police claiming she was forced out her victim's flat .
She has admitted bedding and robbing 15 men after spiking their drinks .
Australian Fashion Report revealed the Australiansold brands and companies that ignore the exploitation of their overseas workers .
Lowes Industrie Best & Less and the Just Group  which includes Just Jeans Portmans and Dotti  were  some of the worst performers .
Etiko Audrey Blue Cotton On H&M and Zara had some of the best scores .
75 per cent of companies don't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs .
Arsenal take on Stoke City in Barclays Under 21 Premier League clash .
Jack Wilshere and club captain Mikel Arteta have been out since November .
Abou Diaby has been ravaged by injuries during nineyear spell at club .
Arteta Wilshere and Diaby are all close to firstteam returns .
Young winger Serge Gnabry also in the side on return from injury .
READ: Arsenal's Alex OxladeChamberlain Calum Chambers Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck keep their agents close .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Prasanna Arulchelvam leapt into van as it sped away but was pushed out .
His head hit the ground with a 'nasty crunch' and he died 11 days later .
A gang tried to steal cigarettes from the victim's van before he gave chase .
All three have now been jailed including the man who pushed Mr Prasanna .
Smoke from massive fires in Siberia created fiery sunsets in the Pacific Northwest .
Atmospheric winds carried smoke from the wildfires across the Pacific Ocean .
Smoke particles altered wavelengths from the sun creating a more intense color .
Scientists say camel was left in Tulln after the 1683 siege of Vienna .
It would have shocked residents as camels were an alien species .
'They didn't know what to feed it or whether one could eat it' study said .
Ottoman army used camels for transportation and as riding animals .
Ben Affleck admits he asked PBS show "Finding Your Roots" to avoid mentioning his slaveowning ancestor .
Dean Obeidallah says the actor and the show were right to leave the detail out .
Mered Medhanie and Ermias Ghermay 'have made £72m in last two years'
Medhanie heard on police wiretap mocking the fatal overcrowding of ships .
Ghermay reportedly said: 'I don't know what happened they probably died'
Pair wanted over major smuggling ring but are hiding in lawless Libya .
Beatrice seen watching race on terrace with the Gulf state's Crown Prince .
Marks 13th holiday since November last year and fourth in a month .
Princess quit her job at Sony Pictures in New York before Christmas .
Despite that she is described as working fulltime on her father's website .
Justice Dept. sent 7page letter to House Speaker John Boehner explaining why the former IRS official was allowed to plead the Fifth Amendment .
Federal prosecutor in charge of the case sent his decision to Capitol Hill on the last day before his own resignation took effect .
Lerner offered a selfserving opening statement during a 2013 hearing but refused to take questions even though she was under subpoena .
Hearing focused on the IRS's habit of targeting conservative groups with special scrutiny based on words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names .
The DOJ says she can't be prosecuted for defying the subpoena 'because she made only general claims of innocence' and offered few details .
Obama's point man in ISIS fight doesn't rule out U.S. military action beyond Iraq and Syria .
Brett McGurk: Iraqi leader making progress with Sunni tribes in planned Anbar offensive .
Farage claims PM has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years .
He said: 'Any man who can reverse the greying process I’m jealous of'
The PM has been accused of visiting stylists to keep hair looking youthful .
Bomb expert David Hyche created the eggs when his daughter turned blind .
The children follow sound of a beeper in a plastic egg trade it for candy .
He has now passed on the idea to Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind .
David Messerschmitt 30 who met his wife in college had been using Craigslist to solicit men according to an affidavit on Tuesday .
Jamyra Gallmon 21 'contacted victim using a masculinesounding email address and went to hotel with the intention of robbing him'
The pair got into a struggle on February 9 and she stabbed him repeatedly in the abdomen back and groin .
The lawyer was found dead at the upscale Washington DC hotel after being reported missing by his wife .
Gallmon made an initial appearance on the murder charge Superior Court in DC on Thursday .
Serial killer Peter Sutcliffe 68 was jailed for life for murdering 13 women .
Held at Broadmoor since being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia .
He is now being considered for a move to the lowsecurity Priory unit .
ISIS has announced that all nurses working for them must speak English .
Rule was one of the entry requirements for a new nursing school in Raqqa .
NHS has also attempted to introduce English language checks for nurses .
But despite the law being approved a lengthy consultation process means EUtrained nurses are still being employed without English tests .
Kevin Streelman beat Camilo Villegas on third playoff hole at Augusta .
Tiger Woods played in the parthree contest for the first time since 2004 .
Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever holeinone at the Masters .
Boy five pelts police with stones as Palestinian protesters clash with Israeli police on the northern West Bank .
Violence erupted after more than 100 demonstrators took part in a rally to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day .
Israel has arrested around 800000 Palestinians in the occupied territories since 1967 with 6000 currently being held .
Fulham 22 Wigan Athletic: CLICK HERE to read the match report .
Latics came from behind twice to stun the Cottagers .
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy'
Melbourne penthouse apartment was sold to Chinese businessman for $25 million .
Penthouse is in Australia 108 development at Melbourne's Southbank .
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across entire 100th floor of super skyscraper .
The building will be 319 metres tall  the highest in the southern hemisphere .
Construction has started on the building and is due to be complete in 2019 .
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil and sterling silver and retails for $198 and $148 respectively .
Pit crew member Todd Phillips was hit by a car on Sunday during the inaugural IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana .
He was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel .
Phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
Dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
Photos taken for BBC show Being Human see Aidan Turner with a full 'rug'
...but his chest hair in Poldark's shirtless scenes looks distinctly pruned .
Fans take to Twitter to comment on new Poldark male grooming debate .
Aidan admits he uses baby oil to make his muscles look good in the series .
Miliband overtakes David Cameron as the most popular political leader .
It is the first time that Labour leader has been ahead in approval ratings .
Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories .
#a**holeparents is a hashtag on Instagram to expose 'flawed parenting'
Parents posts pictures of their children crying with the hashtag .
Children are shown crying because they are being fed and cleaned .
'I wouldn't let her have a knife' captioned one snap of a child sobbing .
The hashtag has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world .
Cro Cop enjoyed revenge with third round knockout in Krakow .
Referee stepped in after Filipovic dropped Gabriel Gonzaga to floor .
Jimi Manuwa made successful return by outpointing Jan Blachowicz .
James Corden shared the picture on Thursday via Twitter .
Corden is currently in America filming latenight talk show Late Late .
David Beckham was a guest on the 36yearold's show last month .
Paulo Dybala is being tracked by Manchester United Chelsea and Arsenal .
Inter Milan Juventus and Paris SaintGermain are among others interested .
Inter boss Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Palermo match on Sunday .
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini is demanding £36m from PSG .
READ: Dybala says he would love a Serie A stay .
Main roads in Holborn are closed more than 24 hours after fire broke out .
More than 1000 buildings remain without power as a result of the blaze .
Local businesses government offices and tourist attractions are closed .
Commuters have been warned to avoid the area as witnesses describe long queues of buses .
Boca Juniors defeated Palestino 20 with two late secondhalf goals .
Leandro Marin and Jonatan Calleri were both on the scoresheet .
Boca now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16 .
Gianni Paladini has registered as director of Bradford's holding company .
The Italian has been searching for new club since leaving QPR in 2011 .
Paladini made attempt to buy Birmingham and has been linked with Millwall .
Lee Tomlin's superb solo effort gave Middlesbrough a 50th minute lead .
Patrick Bamford doubled the hosts lead on 66 minutes .
Bamford could have made it 30 but saw his penalty saved late on .
Win moves Middlesbrough on to 78 points in the Championship in fourth .
James May reveals he celebrated prematurely by ordering £200000 Ferrari .
Lucrative contract was in a draft form with only a few details to resolve .
But offer was taken away after Clarkson's infamous 'fracas' with producer .
May said trio planned to continue making show before leaving 'with dignity'
Steven Finn was left out of the England squad for the West Indies tour .
The Middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .
Finn said he's back to bowling like he was as 'a carefree 21yearold'
His last of 23 Test caps came for England back in 2013 .
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eyecatching display .
Jamie Shaul also crossed late on for the home side .
Kevin Brown and Patrick Ah Van replied for Widnes .
Current federal government guidelines dictate the people should limit their salt intake to 2300 milligrams .
Scientists now believe a typical healthy person can consume as much as 6000 milligrams per day without significantly raising health risks .
The same skeptics also warn of the health risks associated with consuming less than 3000 milligrams .
Average American ingests about 3500 milligrams of salt per day .
The men are current or former Florida prison guards .
They are charged with one count of conspiracy to commit murder .
ExLiverpool boss told he would need to see a dietician before appointment .
Benitez was often mocked as a 'fat Spanish waiter' during his Anfield reign .
Ferrero addresses talk of job swap with Sinisa Mihajlovic heading to Napoli .
Mihajlovic has guided Sampdoria to the brink of European qualification .
Ex deputy PM said there was no problem with Charles writing to ministers .
Admitted Charles had sent him a lot of letters while he was in government .
Released two including one condolence letter over death of his mother .
Comes after court ruled Charles's letters to ministers should be published .
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to visit Pakistan for ODI series in May .
Pakistan have not played host to major cricket series since 2009 .
There have been security fears since Sri Lanka were victims of terror attack .
Team bus was targeted by gunmen in Lahore and eight people were killed .
Fifty top fashionistas all posted photos of the same Lord & Taylor dress on Instagram at the weekend .
The retailer has admitted that the bloggers got 'unspecified compensation' to lend their credability and give the dress their seal of approval .
The ploy proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out and created an online buzz for the entire Design Lab collection .
The deal highlights the gray area of bloggers failing to disclose when they've received payment for promoting some goods and services .
Englishman Danny Willett blasts timing referee for getting in lineofsight .
Vented anger at official as he bogeyed the 17th at 2015 Masters .
Willett carded a oneunder 71 on opening round in first time at Augusta .
Tinder only displays the last 34 photos  but users can easily see more .
Firm also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
Nathaniel Clyne has been in impressive form for Southampton this season .
Full back has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer .
Clyne admits he is ambitious and wants to play in the Champions League .
Mike Heatlie 42 punched Fiona McCartney outside Edinburgh nightclub .
She is facing £7000 dental bill and says she is too scared to leave home .
Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to attacking 43yearold .
Stefani previously described trainer as a 'tireless wonderful motivator'
Selina Dicker 38 from Fulham London survived Mount Everest avalanche .
Climber ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through Base Camp .
She was in same group as Google executive Dan Fredinburg who died .
Amanda Holden's said sister survived because she had altitude sickness .
Sawyer Burmeister a horseriding champion and sometimes actress tweeted the barb on Thursday evening .
Second Twitter used forwarded it to Donald Trump the real estate titan who's a possible Republican presidential candidate .
A Trump social media employee – one of TEN on his staff who help with Twitter and other platforms – retweeted the message .
Trump deleted it but the Internet is forever .
Aston Villa teenager Jack Grealish was pictured taking 'hippy crack'
Grealish was in impressive form in Aston Villa's win over Liverpool .
Villa boss Tim Sherwood has warned Grealish over his future behaviour .
Four Turkish troops were wounded in the flight according to the country's military .
Turkey President  Recep Tayyip Erdogan says clashes are attempt to halt a resolution process with Kurds .
Violence between Kurds and the Turkish military has been ongoing for more than three decades .
Geologist ran 150 chemical tests on ossuaries and 'Jesus Family tomb'
Claims chemical signature proves James Ossuary was at Jerusalem site .
Chalk box bears inscription ‘James son of Joseph brother of Jesus’
Find suggests Jesus fathered a child and was married .
Original 1959 Barbie has been reproduced and goes back on sale April 11 .
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to rerelease the iconic doll in Australia .
The first 500 dolls will be sold for the original 1959 price of $3.00 .
The dolls will be sold for $34.95 after the promotional priced ones are gone .
Promotion is at Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Perth Adelaide City stores .
Nicola Sturgeon will today unveil SNP manifesto as a 'bid to lead the UK'
Several of her party's election pledges will overlap with Labour policies .
Others are calculated to drag a minority LAbour government to the left .
These include cancelling Trident and halting Tory changes to benefits .
Survey of 1000 firms showed half are less inclined to recruit obese people .
Believe they are 'lazy' and 'unable to fulfil their roles as required'
Comes after European court ruled obesity is a disability after 25st Danish childminder claimed he was sacked by local authority because he was fat .
Specialist furniture such as larger chairs .
Parking spaces next to the workplace .
Dietary advice to overweight staff .
Gym memberships .
Opportunities to work from home .
Lazio closed the gap on leaders Juventus with 40 thumping of Empoli .
Win sees Lazio leapfrog rivals Roma into second place 12 points off Juve .
Napoli smashed three past Fiorentina to comfortably regain fourth place .
Palermo earned just their second away win of the season with Udinese win .
Number and seriousness of Australians facing death penalty in China is 'unprecedented'
That's according to a highlevel ministerial briefing obtained by Daily Mail Australia under freedom of information laws .
Many Australians arrested were caught in Guangzhou province  a production hub of the drug 'ice'
As many as 11 were arrested in Guangzhou alone in 2014 .
A prominent jockey and four other citizens are known to be potentially facing death row including Kalynda Davis's former partner Peter Gardner .
Ms Davis 22 was freed without charge in December after a month spent in a Chinese prison .
Do you know more? Daniel.Piotrowski@mailonline.com .
UEFA will make a decision on September's match on May 21 .
Scotland are set to face Georgia in Tbilisi on September 4 .
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation following recent crowd trouble .
Georgia fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 20 defeat to Germany in Tbilisi .
Scotland currently sit third in Group D a point behind leaders Poland .
Arsenal have shown an interest in Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling .
However Sterling's recent behaviour has troubled Arsenal's hierarchy .
Sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide .
Man City Man United and Chelsea are monitoring Sterling's situation .
READ: Real Madrid ARE keen on signing Sterling says Zinedine Zidane .
READ: Sterling pictured AGAIN with shisha pipe... this time with Jordan Ibe .
Francis Coquelin superb in protecting Arsenal back four at Turf Moor .
Tom Heaton does well in goal for hosts but Arsenal keep winning .
Ben Mee puts in excellent display at full back for Burnley despite loss .
Robin van Persie has been linked with a move from Manchester United .
Holland international's son Shaqueel has been showing off his skills .
The Dutchman's son scored with a scorpion kick made famous by Colombia keeper Rene Higuita .
Rita 24 has designed range for adidas Originals .
Designs are inspired by Asian culture she tells FEMAIL .
Star says she's excited to see what the future holds for her .
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made .
It is the same model that was famously  crashed into a ravine in the 80s cult classic film Ferris Bueller's Day Off .
Convertible  which does 060mph in less than 7 seconds  is going to auction and is expected to reach £10million .
Random Darknet Shopper is a computer bot that randomly purchases an item every week from a hidden part of the internet called the dark net .
Swiss police seized bot after it purchased 10 ecstasy tablets from Germany .
It was later released 'without charge' according to the artists behind the bot .
They designed it as part of an art exhibition to display items bought by the robot over the dark net including trainers a passport scan and cigarettes .
Highestearning NHS dentists earn almost five times more than Prime Minister’s £142500 pay packet .
A further 11 dentists were paid between £400000 and £500000 a year .
Lay bare huge amounts of taxpayer money paid to dentists for NHS work .
Campaigners branded the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’
Institute for Fiscal Studies says no party has given 'anything like full detail'
Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billionayear .
Tories were accused of giving 'no detail' about £30billion of spending cuts .
Boost for Osborne as he beats borrowing target by £3billion in last year .
Running is often celebrated as a cheap sport to take up .
But it's important to get right trainers to avoid injury and feel comfortable .
Adidas latest Ultra Boost on sale for pricey £130 .
Budget supermarket Aldi have a pair for £19.99 .
So can our runner tell the difference?
Nathan Brown 19 was working with father David testing lights in a factory .
He climbed up on a crane but accidentally touched exposed power supply .
The shock made him fall 12ft head first and he died of his injuries .
Inquest hears that the power supply was not clearly marked as dangerous .
Greg Dyke could axe the England C team to find the needed £30million .
The FA chairman needs the money to help with his grassroots plans .
Premier League player George Boyd played for the nonleague team .
ISIS fighters have posted pictures on social media of Western junk food .
Wouldbe fighters are bringing burgers and crisps with them from Turkey .
Other photos show chocolates Oreos and even cans of premixed mojitos .
They've been rebuked for eating food some clerics consider forbidden .
Pound near 1.46 against the US dollar its lowest level since June 2010 .
Polls suggest neither Tories or Labour will manage to win a majority .
Fears the pound could fall another 10% if a badly hung parliament .
Jan Jones bought bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine as a present .
Her daughter drank a mouthful of the wine and later broke out in welts .
The family inspected the liquid they found it was clear and smelt of bleach .
Tesco said wine was made by supplier and has launched an investigation .
Firearm licence holders grew from 177675 to 215462 in the last five years .
Tamworth has the most at 3259 with Bathurst a close second at 3075 .
However there has not been a related increase in gun related crime .
Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki said U.S.'s popular national gun laws and their influence through pop culture is likely reason for increase .
West Ham are keen on concluding a deal for 17yearold DeShane Beckford .
Jamaican starlet Beckford has been linked with a host of European clubs .
READ OUR EXCLUSIVE: West Ham season tickets to cost as little as £289 .
Kyle Knox 23 disappeared as he tried to climb 4409ft high Ben Nevis .
He was last seen at start of route on March 31 but failed to return to hotel .
His body was found near the foot of the peak three weeks after he vanished .
The Londoner's family has been informed of the discovery .
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground on Friday .
The 11year old was camping in the Victorian national park with his family .
He has been missing for two nights and temperatures dipped to as low as eight degrees Celsius on Saturday night .
There has been an unconfirmed sighting of Luke with police acting quickly .
The 11yearold was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite .
Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .
Police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .
They have issued an extensive description of Luke and his clothing .
Lavall Hall 25 was suffering psychotic episode when fatally shot by police .
His mother had called police to help take mentally ill son to hospital .
Police claim he attacked them with 'deadly force' using broom handle .
But footage from scene  appears to show Hall running away from cops .
Researchers observed random parents with children at NY playgrounds .
Phones and tablets were a dangerous distraction for parents they claimed .
Kids with distracted carers were more likely to engage in risky behaviour .
This included jumping off moving swings or going headfirst down slides .
Fife Council launched internal investigation following accusations .
Rosdeep Adekoya beat son Mikaeel to death then buried body in woods .
Family were known to social services in Fife but had moved to Edinburgh .
Police Scotland investigated 'data management' at the council .
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told 18yearold she had visa problems .
He told her he could make a call and help her stay in Britain court hears .
Sergeant then allegedly attacked the teenager and nearly suffocated her .
Mee 46 denies carrying out a string of rapes and sexual assaults .
Putin said on Saturday that the countries need to work on common agenda .
He said US and Russia are working towards same efforts of making the world order more democratic .
Putin's latest remarks come two days after saying US wanted 'not allies but vassals'
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League clash on Tuesday .
Madrid closed gap on league leaders Barcelona over the weekend .
Gareth Bale returns to training ahead of crucial Madrid derby .
Cristiano Ronaldo looking to add to his eight Champions League goals .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Ian Guffick 31 allowed pupils to make changes outside exam conditions .
He also made changes to the pupil's work before the papers were sent off .
Probe was launched after officials were tipped off he breached exam rules .
A disciplinary panel has now banned Guffick from teaching for two years .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will line up against former club Barcelona on Tuesday .
PSG travel to face the Spanish giants trailing 31 in their European tie .
The French club must score at least three times to reach the semifinals .
Ibrahimovic is back in action after missing the first leg through suspension .
READ: Laurent Blanc labels semifinal qualification 'practically impossible'
Jameela Jamil 29 is convinced dental work triggered health problems .
For months she would suffer swelling feel exhausted and faint .
Thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus .
Tests suggested she had high levels of mercury due to amalgam fillings .
Christopher Bridger 25 attacked three women after drinking sessions .
He was convicted of rape and four other abuse charges at court last year .
Ambulance worker told women he was gay before assaulting them in bed .
HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee removed him from register .
Panel described crimes against three women as 'a serious breach of trust'
Paris SaintGermain captain Thiago Silva suffered a thigh injury on Wednesday .
Brazilian defender had to substituted against Barcelona in Champions League .
He is recovering at home and is among a list of absentees for game at Nice .
.50caliber bullets equipped with optical sensors can follow moving targets .
The "smart bullets" can help shooters compensate for high winds .
The goal of  the program is to give shooters greater range and make American troops safer .
Kim Callaghan from Ireland piled on the pounds after having children .
Limited to size 28 clothing Kim 39 worried she resembled a man .
She joined Slimming World and dropped ten dress sizes as well as 10st .
Strike is set to begin at 5am tomorrow and continue for two days .
Up to half of all flights to and from France will be cancelled this week .
BA and easyJet have warned passengers to expect severe delays .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored 300th goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday night .
Portuguese star headed home against Rayo Vallecano in 20 victory .
Who else have made their mark with goals at one particular club?
Pele and Gerd Muller lead the way while Lionel Messi makes the top 10 .
READ: Ronaldo scoring breakdown shows just how ruthless he is .
Novak Djokovic came from a set down to beat Alexandr Dolgopolov .
The world No 1 remains in contention for his fifth Miami Open win .
Dolgopolov became less mobile after receiving treatment to his feet .
Djokovic faces David Ferrer next after Spaniard beat Gilles Simon .
Andy Murray through after beating South Africa's Kevin Anderson .
West Indies reach 155 for four at stumps on day two of first Test .
Hosts still 244 runs adrift of England's first innings total of 399 .
Resuming on 341 for five England's final five wickets fell for 58 .
Jimmy Anderson Chris Jordan Stuart Broad and James Tredwell all take a wicket each in West Indies' first innings at Sir Viv Richards Stadium .
Anderson has 381 Test wickets two less than Sir Ian Botham .
Shiv Chanderpaul 29* and Jermaine Blackwood 30* at stumps .
NASSER HUSSAIN: Jimmy Anderson is still the sultan of swing .
Charlie Adam scored Stoke's equaliser against Chelsea from 66 yards out .
Stoke ended up losing 21 against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .
The loss was Stoke's third in a row but Adam backs them to return to form .
Cute but clumsy elephant calf was following his mother though the bush .
Suddenly the youngster appeared to catch his foot and his lose balance .
Fell over and landed  trunk first  down in the mud at Idube Game Reserve .
The actress 29 says she had to pay out of pocket for her 2007 abortion because she couldn't tell her mother .
Jemima says she was only able to afford the procedure by forgoing anesthesia which would have made it more expensive .
In the Center for Reproductive Rights video the star says she worries about the obstacles her young daughters may face in the future .
Molly Wood 74 killed when car with its engine running 'lurched forward'
The pensioner was killed in Tesco car park in Pontefract West Yorkshire .
Her younger sister was also injured as she went to get a parking ticket .
21yearold woman from Manchester phoned company about her bill .
She made small talk with foreign call handler during short exchange .
But she later received a series of inappropriate messages from the man .
Vodafone say they have suspended the worker and are investigating .
Davis Cup quarterfinal tickets will be hard to find for fans this summer .
There will be a capacity of 7000 for the tie  at London's Queen's Club .
But well under 3000 tickets will be released to general fans for the game .
The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies in tennis .
Roy Hodgson has told Nathaniel Clyne he is England's rightback .
Southampton star has been linked with Chelsea and Manchester United .
Saints defender faces competition from Calum Chambers and Kyle Walker .
Clyne spotted at WWE event alongside Wilfried Zaha on Monday night .
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police .
Protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic .
Marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic .
Police say an offduty police officer driving home on the bridge was assaulted by two protesters when he got out of his vehicle to investigate .
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny celebrated his 25th birthday .
The Poland international was surprised with a gathering of friends and family as well as one of his favourite bands Lemon at his home on Saturday .
Szczesny had helped Arsenal reach the FA Cup final after a 21 win over Reading in the semis at Wembley earlier that same afternoon .
Brian Bayers tearfully told the story of how he accidentally ran over his son after leaving the door to his house open .
He backed over his 18monthold son Jackson and killed him .
Brian Bayers' wife Amanda rushed home and held her sons lifeless and bloodied body for hours .
Season's first major the Masters tees off Thursday April 9 at Augusta .
Ian Poulter forgot to bring his clubs ahead of his practice round .
Tiger Woods' children will carry his bag during par three tournament .
Henrik Stenson played down his chances after coming down with flu .
75 people were inside Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway .
13 were treated for minor injuries and one woman had a serious but nonlife threatening head injury .
Parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation .
The cause of the ceiling collapse is currently under investigation .
Kent Sprouse 42 died of a lethal injection Thursday in Texas .
It took 22 minutes for Sprouse to die after being injected .
In 2002 he gunned down Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt 28 at a gas station outside of Dallas and a customer Pedro Moreno 38 .
Sprouse was high on meth but his insanity defense was rejected and he was sentenced to death in 2004 .
'I would like to apologize to the Moreno family and the Steinfeldt family for all of the trouble I have caused them' said Sprouse in his final statement .
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year .
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million .
Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million .
His total pay last year soared by more than fivefold from 2013 when his Google compensation was valued at $19.3 million .
The hefty raise came in a year that saw Google's stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the company's big spending on farflung projects .
This residence was once just a garage for a much bigger mansion called Homeden .
When Homeden was being converted into flats the owners of the garage bought some of the original features .
The blackwood and copperlight archway was taken and tastefully adapted to suit the lightfilled property .
The stylish 740 squaremetre four bedroom converted residence will go to auction on 16 May .
'My son Seth signed the petition asking me Dad the governor to veto this bill' Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday .
Seth told Daily Mail Online that 'I love and respect my father very much but sometimes we have political disagreements'
He's sending the 'Religious Freedom Restoration Act' back to the state legislature because it strays too far from the federal law that inspired it .
Hutchinson doesn't risk a vetooverride from lawmakers since he hasn't technically vetoed the bill .
'This is a bill that in ordinary times would not be controversial but these are not ordinary times' he said .
Russian intelligence chiefs took part in secret meeting with U.S. officials .
Outlined three potential flashpoints that could lead to allout nuclear war .
Said attempts to return Crimea to Ukraine will be dealt with as an invasion .
Also demanded Nato breaks up so called 'rapid response force' in the Baltic and stops arming those fighting proRussian separatists in Ukraine .
Kevin Pietersen took part in a net session at The Oval on Monday .
He is expected to play in threeday game against Oxford MCCU on April 12 .
Pietersen has returned to county game to boost chances of England recall .
Photos from across the NSW coast show the devastation caused by the worst storm to smash the area in ten years .
In the Hunter region of New South Wales a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours .
In dramatic scenes four houses in the town of Dungog were washed away in the raging floodwaters .
Animals have been stranded by the floods with one horse rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat .
Beaches including Bondi have been forced to close due to high winds .
But surfers have braved the huge tidal surge despite grave warnings from authorities .
Cell phone footage shows the complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King .
The discussion quickly turns ugly when the employee starts cursing before getting physical with the unhappy customer .
'You wanna get slapped?' the employee repeatedly asks the customer while standing next to her in an intimidating manner .
Burger King has released a statement apologizing for the employee's behavior and confirming that she has been fired as a consequence .
Tons of dead fish are being cleared from a stinking lagoon in Rio de Janeiro Brazil which will host Olympic events .
Rotting silver fish have filled Rodrigo de Freitas lake where rowing and canoeing events should take place next year .
There is an overwhelming stench and authorities and biologists have argued about about the cause of the deaths .
Australian broadcaster has sacked sports reporter over ANZAC day tweets .
Football journalist Scott McIntyre condemned ANZAC day commemorations on the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli campaign .
Remembering 'rape and theft' committed by 'brave' Anzacs he tweeted .
McIntyre also called the Gallipoli landings 'an imperialist invasion'
His comments sparked fury with hundreds calling for him to be sacked .
'SBS apologises for any offence or harm caused by Mr McIntyre's comments' the broadcaster says .
Jack Dellal left his entire estate to wife Ruanne but it was worth just £15.4m .
She claims he was worth £750m and gave his fortune away to his children .
Mrs Dellal has been given the right to sue her inlaws by High Court judge .
'Black Jack' once gambled £1.7million away in a single night .
Nicholas Pence 25 and his father David 56 had friends round to celebrate a victorious football game on Wednesday in their rural New Orleans home .
Their guests left at midnight moments later they were both shot dead .
David was shot three times in his chair and Nicholas was shot twice with tactical shotgun .
Quiet wealthy community reeling said both men 'got on with everybody'
Two teenagers aged 17 and 18 charged with the killing .
Police believe it was a botched burglary connected them to car breakins .
Baby Seng from Laos is the little boy who touched Turia Pitt's heart .
The inspirational burns survivor witnessed his sightsaving surgery .
He reached up and poured a ricecooker filled with boiling water on his head .
Turia tells Daily Mail Australia he is 'for sure' one of her inspirations .
She has experienced more than 200 operations since she was burned .
She was caught in a bushfire in the Kimberley in September 2011 .
Turia also revealed she is fitter and stronger than she has ever been .
She ran a halfmarathon with a faster time this year than before the burns .
She is hosting a gala night for Interplast the charity who saved Seng .
The event will be held on Thursday evening .
Inter Milan are interested in signing midfielders Lucas Leiva and Alex Song .
Inter are keen on Manchester City duo Yaya Toure and Stevan Joevtic .
Roberto Mancini worked with them both during his spell at the club .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Irish student nurse went missing from nightclub late on Saturday night .
Her body was  found at a farm north of Glasgow after huge police search .
Hundreds attended a vigil in her memory today in George Square Glasgow .
Glasgow man 21 appeared in court today in connection with her death .
Art and photography community BoredPanda has created the thread .
Babies are in costumes from comic books scifi films booksTV shows .
Characters include Princess Leia Wonder Woman Olaf from Frozen .
The penalty is more than 10 times the previous record according to a newspaper report .
Utility commission to force Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to make infrastructure improvements .
Company apologizes for explosion that killed 8 says it is using lessons learned to improve safety .
Jamal alLabani was a Oakland California gas station owner as well as a husband and a fatherofthree .
alLabani traveled to Yemen in an attempt to extricate his pregnant wife and daughter from the civil war there and fly them to California .
He was unable to because the US withdrew its diplomatic staff in February .
Yemen also recently shut down most of its airports .
alLabani was struck by mortar shrapnel after leaving a mosque Tuesday in Aden and soon died .
alLabani's cousin has said Houthi forces launched the mortar shelling .
Houthi forces have been battling to take Aden a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudibacked President AbdRabbu Mansour Hadi .
The US State Department has said 'There are no plans for a US governmentcoordinated evacuation of U.S. citizens at this time'
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Rangers' tough runin could mean they miss out on second place in the Scottish Championship to Hibernian .
Rangers face difficult fixtures against Hearts and Queen of the South .
Murray played for both Rangers and Hibs during his career .
Robert Butler 43 transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence Rhode Island to Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston .
The complex operation on Sunday took 7 hours and involved two local fire departments .
Mr Butler has had a decadelong battle with his weight and depression .
Andre Ward sees Paul Smith as the ideal warmup opponent .
It could possibly come before a Ward rematch with Carl Froch .
Ward has not fought since beating Edwin Rodriguez in November 2013 .
Froch is turning his attention a first appearance in Las Vegas .
Richard Dysart best known for Leland McKenzie in "L.A. Law"
Dysart had many TV and film roles including spots in "Being There" and "The Thing"
Actor won Drama Desk award for performance in theatrical "That Championship Season"
Tong Shao 20 was an international student from China attending Iowa State University .
Her body was found in the trunk of her car in Iowa City on September 26 .
Police believe it had been for three weeks .
She died of blunt force trauma and asphyxiation .
Her boyfriend Xiangnan Li 23 was the last to see her but flew to China on September 8 before Shao was officially missing .
According to Tong's father an arrest warrant has now been issued .
However Li has disappeared .
Baby Sonit Awal found in rubble of Nepal earthquake Sunday morning .
Spent 22 hours buried under his home after 7.8magnitude quake .
Matthew Kenney 34 said he smoked Flakka before he went streaking .
Was arrested on Saturday after run through Fort Lauderdale Florida .
Drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts .
It causes  euphoria hallucinations psychosis and superhuman strength .
Kenney has prior arrests and was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
Van was driving down dual carriageway near coastal city of Salé Morocco .
Footage shows the moment it starts repeatedly swerving across two lanes .
Video taken by following motorist captures van crashing down on its side .
Karen Davis was photographed on Google Street View flashing her breasts .
She handed herself in after reported by police with disorderly behaviour .
South Australian law professor says oral swab test was unnecessary .
Professor Rick Sarre also believed Ms Davis should not be charged .
Police said her 'actions were the same as someone flashing their genitals'
SA country town mum hit back at critics saying they are insecure .
She plans to do a topless skydive for her 40th birthday next year .
Jennifer Pagonis has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS)
The disorder  prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places .
Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class .
Pagonis now uses the first name 'Pidgeon' doesn't identify as female or male and works as an artist and intersex activist against surgery .
South African troops help police conduct raids in Jeppestown .
Defense minister says police are spread too thin trying to prevent attacks on immigrants .
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants .
The veteran Burnley defender believes Dyche could manage Three Lions .
37yearold described his boss as 'first class'
Former Northern Ireland international has played in top eight divisions .
Duff himself is hoping to enter management after his retirement .
Sierra Sharry was eight months pregnant when her son's father died .
A photographer was able to add Lane Smith to the family photo .
Dale Forrest would go out drinking regularly and would eat fatty food .
Dined on cheese and sausage bap for breakfast and KFC for lunch .
Decided to lose weight after seeing photos of him next to slim friends .
Started going to the gym and eating healthy foods and lost 10 stone .
Another east coast low predicted to hit New South Wales from Thursday .
The SES says it is concerned about the impact this will have on communities hard hit by last week's storms  particularly in the Hunter .
Residents  urged to prepare their homes to prevent more damage .
Munira Khalif from Minnesota Stefan Stoykov from Indiana Victor Agbafe from North Carolina and Harold Ekeh from New York got multiple offers .
All have immigrant parents  from Somalia Bulgaria or Nigeria  and say they have their parents' hard work to thank for their successes .
They hope to use the opportunities for good from improving education across the world to becoming neurosurgeons .
Comedian Dave Hughes called Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on Monday's Q&A .
The pair were speaking about the binge drinking culture in Australia .
Radio broadcaster Hinch said he drank because he liked 'the taste of wine'
This was met with Hughes replying: 'That's because you're a w**ker'
Hinch retorted with: 'It takes one to know one'
Hughes said he stands by his comments made on Monday night .
Sexting is 'not advised for politicians' says Labour leader Ed Miliband .
And Nick Clegg adds it's 'risky if you are young dodgy if you are older'
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett says it is 'not for her' and Education Secretary Nicky Morgan adds it's 'too risky'
Politicians were asked what they thought of the practice by Cosmpolitan .
April 25 2015 marks the centenary of the start of the Gallipoli Campaign in Turkey during WWI .
Anzac troops stormed the beaches at Gallipoli beginning a bloody eightmonth campaign .
Tom Richards was arrested in Swansea over allegedly assaulting actress .
He was released after being held for 11 hours pending further inquiries .
Westbrook previously accused him of physically assaulting her on Twitter .
The 25yearold cage fighter has strenuously denied the allegations .
Grace Mann 20 was found dead in Fredericksburg Virginia last week .
Local reports say she had a plastic bag stuffed down her throat .
Roommate a 30yearold fellow student has been charged with murder .
Parents paid tribute to her and students rallied at memorial service .
Russian authorities have cancelled the release of Hollywood's Child 44 .
The blockbuster film stars Tom Hardy Gary Oldman and Vincent Cassel .
It depicts a private investigator attempting to hunt down a serial child killer .
Russia's culture minister accused the film of 'distortion of historical facts'
Jose Luis Gaya is wanted by both Chelsea and Manchester City .
The Premier League clubs are willing to pay his £13m buyout clause .
Leftback Gaya 19 is also the subject of interest from Real Madrid .
Jay Rutland 34 is married to 30yearold daughter of Bernie Ecclestone .
His company had total net assets of £3378 last year down from £18131 .
Former stockbroker lives with his wife and daughter in £45million house .
Brigante Business Developments is management consultancy company .
Chelsea's Under 19 side are hoping to become second team to win final .
Holders Barcelona won the inaugural version of the Youth competition .
Dominic Solanke Izzy Brown and Ruben LoftusCheek are all likely to start .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Australian model agencies reveal new demand for social media following .
Gigi Hadid and Mimi Elashiry are examples of models with huge followings .
Clients demand models have a minimum of 10000 followers .
Models are learning to selfpromote as part of their job .
Agencies Chic  and Viviens now have 'influencer' and 'blogger' divisions .
A zookeeper at the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv recorded the footage .
He placed a GoPro at the bottom of the animal's respective water troughs .
The final footage was cut down to four minutes from total of 30 hours .
Zookeeper said it offers a 'completely unique perspective' to the animals .
Rafael Nadal lost heavily to Novak Djokovic on clay in Monte Carlo .
Djokovic is World No 1 and tipped to challenge at Roland Garos .
But ninetime champion Nadal says this year will be no different .
Richie Sambora is about to be quizzed by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' his former fashion designer lover and business partner .
She is a childhood friend of Kim Kardashian .
Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed Sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats .
Their joint venture collapsed at the last moment and Nikki went out on her own .
Rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his exwife Heather Locklear and daughter Ava .
MarcAndre ter Stegen is eager to impress Barcelona boss Luis Enrique .
Ter Stegen is yet to make his La Liga debut for the Catalan giants .
German goalkeeper has been reduced to Champions League appearances .
Barcelona face PSG in Champions League quarterfinal tie on Wednesday .
PSGBarca clash to be refereed by Mark Clattenburg and English officials .
A second teen has been charged with helping plan an "ISISinspired" attack .
One 18yearold suspect has already been charged report says .
Michelle Obama told talkshow host Rachael Ray that Secret Service agents taught her daughter Malia how to drive .
Mrs. Obama hasn't driven herself in seven or eight years she said .
She added that driving gives Malia 'a sense of normalcy' helping her feel like the rest of her friends who are also driving .
Joelison Fernandes da Silva 28 is the third tallest man in the world .
He hid at home for 'half his life' due to bullying over his height .
The Brazilian who has gigantism later became a national celebrity .
He met his 21yearold 5ft wife Evem Medeiros through Facebook .
Criticised over 'incompetent' handling of bank's tax evasion scandal .
Announced her departure in a letter to shareholders .
Follows calls by MP Margaret Hodge for Fairhead to quit BBC role .
McHenry 28 berated single mother Gina Michelle for towing her car .
She insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .
ESPN suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .
But despite thousands of calls for her to be fired she returns this week .
Antiracism campaigners have asked Carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who black up as part of the fancydress theme .
Hartlepool fans plan to dress as Bob Marley on final day of the season .
Kick It Out say they have received complaints from Hartlepool fans .
Bournemouth are now second in the Championship following their draw .
Eddie Howe hits out at referee after his side give up lead in stoppage time .
Kieran Lee fired Wednesday into the lead with a 36th minute header .
Yann Kermorgant equalised with 21 minutes remaining .
Matt Ritchie looked to have sealed the win for the Cherries late on .
But Chris Maguire had the final say with his lastditch penalty strike .
Skin Laundry a trendy new skin clinic in Manhattan offers a tenminute laser facial which promises to tighten skin .
Clients have to sign a waiver allowing the clinic to give information to a funeral director a coroner and to donate their organs .
Mesut Ozil missed three months because of injury this season .
The German has returned in better form and says injury helped him .
Ozil worked on his strength and still does extra sessions after training .
Gerard T. Ouimette 75 known as 'The Frenchman' died in medium security federal pen in his sleep .
Former mob enforcer had ties to New England crime boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca and was suspected of a role in as many as eight murders .
Even behind bars police say Ouimette kept his influence  accepting a weekly delivery of as much as $600 worth of booze and food to his cell .
Tiger Woods: 'Have fun enjoy it and don't win. No matter what'
Woods made it  a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side and his children Charlie and Sam caddying for him .
Woods played in the Par3 Contest for the first time since 2004 .
CLICK HERE for all the latest from the Masters 2015 .
Jamie Carragher has slammed Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley .
The Sportsmail columnist called the club 'boring' saying Ashley just wants to make money while in charge .
Carragher says he understands the fans frustration at how club is run .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle United news .
Wade Robson and James Safechuck hope to find out on Tuesday if they can bring a civil lawsuit against the late singer's estate .
Both claim that the King Of Pop molested them as young boys .
Their lawyers claim Jackson paid out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims .
A judge's ruling on Tuesday could determine if more alleged victims come forward .
Peter Barnett 43 travelled from Haddenham and Thame to Marylebone .
But pretended to have gone from Wembley and tapped out with Oyster card .
Deception places him among the ranks of Britain's biggest fare dodgers .
Oxford Universityeducated lawyer has admitted to six counts of fraud .
Farmers in struggling country towns are renting properties for $1 a week .
Residents of rural communities are hoping to attract young families .
It's hoped more young families will help keep local schools open .
20 townships across Australia have adopted the RentaFarmhouse model .
The daredevil 52 'was speeding in an SUV when he rearended a car and set off a chainreaction crash involving two other vehicles on Tuesday'
He fled but police caught up with him and 'noticed he smelled of alcohol'
The crash took place in Butte Montana  the town his daredevil father Evel Knievel helped make famous .
Locals from the Maldives island of Kudahuvadhoo claim they saw a lowflying jet on the morning MH370 disappeared .
The island is over 5000 kilometres away from the current search area .
Members of the community say it was so low they could see the plane's doors and make out the distinctive colouring on the side of the jet .
Locals made statements to verify what they had seen to officials .
Curtin University acoustic scientists say they recorded 'distinctive' noise from the area at the presumed time of the crash .
Working out in a group of friends inspired Fit Nation participant Erica Moore .
Bruce Cook put up a hay bale sculpture in front of his property in Victoria .
Mr Cook says his artwork is 'a bit of fun' which he put up on Good Friday .
The 59yearold says many passersby have stopped to take photos .
He says police gave him a call on Wednesday ordering him to take it down .
Mr Cook has refused to do so even though he could face serious charges .
The 23yearold also revealed that she has been signed as the new face of beauty brand Make Up For Ever .
Andrea is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign .
The Serbianborn fashion star underwent genderconfirmation surgery last year .
Before her surgery Andreja made a name for herself within the fashion industry as both a male and a female model with her androgynous look .
U.S. Sen. Jim Inhofe: Nuclear is our largest source of carbonfree energy generating over 60% of our carbonfree electricity .
So why doesn't the President's climate plan allegedly aimed at reducing carbon emissions do more with nuclear power?
AP McCoy rode in his last races on Saturday at Sandown Park .
His final ride was a third place finish on Box Office in Esher .
McCoy said the reception from fans has made retiring easier .
He said he considered retiring quietly but is glad he didn't .
Porto 31 Bayern Munich: Click here to read Ian Ladyman's match report .
Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and a third from Jackson Martinez confirmed the win for Porto on Wednesday night .
Portuguese newspaper Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto'
Fellow newspaper Abola simply wrote 'Superb!' to describe the win .
The overturned car was smoldering on a New Jersey roadway when police arrived .
It burst into flames shortly after they pulled out the unconscious driver .
Two teenagers arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism .
Boy 14 and girl 16 arrested after police raids on Thursday and Friday .
Girl was arrested in Longsight Manchester and boy was held in Blackburn .
Rommel nicknamed the Desert Fox became an iconic wartime figure .
He was known for the stylish goggles he wore across his peak cap .
They were actually a gift from British Major General Michael GambierParry .
He gave them to Rommel after the general helped retrieve his stolen hat .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar alAbadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other U.S. weapons during his visit to the Oval Office .
But White House spokesman Josh Earnest says the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting .
Asked about military aid by a reporter after his discussion with Mr. Abadi Obama hedged and said: 'I think this is why we are having this meeting'
Richard Eckersley started his career with Manchester United .
But the defender played only two Premier League games for the Red Devils .
Eckersley recently left New York Red Bulls and is training with Elche .
Man charged with grievous bodily harm deprivation of liberty and torture .
Victim suffered fractures head injuries and burns to 15 per cent of body .
In a surprising twist victim claims to be suffering from amnesia .
But police investigations uncover 'solid evidence' to make an arrest .
Case to be heard at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday .
Stuart Pearce feels Manuel Pellegrini deserves more time at the Etihad .
Pellegrini is under pressure following their recent league capitulation .
The Citizens were smashed by rivals Manchester United on Sunday .
Manchester City now sit fourth in the league 12 points adrift of Chelsea .
Sharon Edwards 55 was last seen on Saturday in Grafton NSW .
Son said his family were struggling to come to terms with disappearance .
Eli Edwards said they need answers 'one way or another' to get closure .
Police are now treating the 55yearold's disappearance as a homicide .
Twoyearold Oratilwe Hlongwane can wow fans by playing music on DJ kit .
Performing under DJ name of 'AJ' toddler plays house music from a laptop .
He still wears nappies and can't yet talk but has a legion of fans for DJing .
Parents believe his ability stemmed from DJ app he taught himself to use .
The weekend saw BBC's FA Cup coverage compete with Sky's Premier League .
It was a refreshing throwback to see the BBC's use of archive footage .
Gary Lineker remains one of the BBC's prized assets and they must keep him .
Video was captured at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania .
Israeli tourist filmed a group of baboons approaching a supply truck .
As one distracts the driver by lunging at it another jumps into vehicle .
Before long it reemerges with its hands and mouth full of snacks .
The group of thieves reconvene and run off into the bushes together .
Tennessee Supreme Court vacates execution dates for four men .
Leroy Hall Jr 48 Donald Wayne Strouth 56 Nicholas Todd Sutton 53 and AbuAli Abdur’Rahman 64 all faced upcoming death .
New executions stalled as states' new lethal injection methods scrutinized .
Cows are treated as sacred in Nepal where the majority are Hindus .
Killing a cow used to be punishable by death but now carries a 12year jail term .
Nepalese government officials have informed the country's PM .
An internal inquiry is underway and the matter will be raised with Pakistan .
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry for the HBO series .
In the US surrogacy can cost hopeful parents upwards of $100000 .
Many American couples are hiring surrogates in India because the cost is signficantly less than it would be in the Western World .
New Royal Caribbean cruise ship Anthem of the Seas is sailing out of Southampton this summer .
It has innovations including robot bartenders who dance to music as well as pour margaritas .
The liner holds the title of being the world's third largest cruise ship with room for nearly 5000 passengers .
London Mayor warns the SNP want to 'end Britain to decapitate Britannia'
Says Scottish Nationalists want higher taxes and welfare payments .
David Cameron warns England Wales and Northern Ireland would suffer .
Nicola Sturgeon launches manifesto with vow to 'lead' the United Kingdom .
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) begins again after a twoyear shutdown .
The restart was delayed in March .
Experience Berlin for £14 South Africa for £21 and Abu Dhabi for just £29 .
New concept of 'the holiday' is brainchild of Park Inn by Radisson .
Programme will post your actions 'on holiday' to social networks .
The spectacular photos were taken at paddy fields in China Thailand Vietnam Laos and Cambodia .
Photographer Scott Gable spent four months travelling region to document the process of harvesting the crop .
Rice accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans but crop is often still cultivated in primitive way .
They will be included in 2018 flight of Orion and Space Launch System .
NEA Scout will fly by a small asteroid taking pictures and getting data .
Lunar Flashlight will illuminate moon's craters and measure surface ice .
BioSentinel will use yeast to measure the impact of deep space radiation .
Lorna McCarthy was fatally stabbed through the heart  last September .
Exhusband Barry McCarthy attacked her in the Norfolk home they shared .
Mrs McCarthy had previously sent texts saying she feared for her life .
McCarthy 51 was found guilty of murder at Norwich Crown Court today .
David Healy is head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatry unit in Bangor .
Claims the idea low levels of serotonin causes depression is a fallacy .
Marketing of SSRI drugs like Prozac has been 'based on a myth' he claims .
Experts refute his claims saying 'SSRIs work in the real world of the clinic'
Chancellor faces calls to rule out further tax cuts for the UK's top earners .
He dodged questions over plans to offer more help to £50000 plus salaries .
Instead he focused on raising the amount of taxfree income to £12500 .
Labour plans to impose 50 per cent tax rate on salaries of £150000 or more .
The current rate for the top tax bracket is 45p with basic standing at 20p .
Sunderland face a fight to remain in the Premier League after poor season .
The Black Cats sit only three points above the drop zone .
Strugglers fell to humiliating 41 loss against Crystal Palace last weekend .
Sunderland are without a game this weekend before they travel to Stoke .
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on May 2 .
Pacquiao took to Instagram on Thursday to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey .
36yearold was also visited by  NBA legend Karl Malone at his boxing gym .
Scientists say early DNAlike fragments guided their own growth .
They claim the process can drive the formation of chemical bonds .
These connect short DNA chains to form long ones for life to evolve .
This selfassembly capability has been shown to take place in RNA .
The Queen's granddaughter is vying for a spot on Team GB in 2016 .
She gave birth to her daughter Mia Grace in January last year .
To regain her fitness Zara 33 uses an exercise bike every morning .
She sticks to a healthy diet and also goes swimming and cycling .
Paul and Laura Elliott met half way round at St Katharine Docks .
Ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .
Pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .
Returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .
Raised £7000 for Cancer Research in honour of Paul's father .
Interest in the hit BBC series Poldark has given Cornwall's tourism and housing market a boost .
Estate agents said they have seen a rise in interest from fans who are interested in purchasing a second home .
Beachfront property near Portreath has seven bedrooms six reception rooms and seven bathrooms .
Anonymous benefactor donated money to £20million restoration fund .
Identity of donor is known to church officials but is being kept a secret .
Laura Brown head of restoration had to 'sit down' after reading letter .
Tim Swiel spent four months on loan at Harlequins earlier this season .
The 23yearold featured in the European Champions Cup and LV Cup .
The flyhalf will return to the club on a fulltime contract next season .
Aston will face Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30 .
Shay Given started for Villa in their 21 semifinal victory against Liverpool .
Villa travel to the Etihad to play Manchester City on Saturday .
Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner Susan Daub are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators .
They allegedly reaped over $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cashstrapped pro athletes .
Allen 36 was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012 playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins .
The SEC said Allen and Daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes .
To make up the gap they paid investors with other investors' money rather than actual profits on the investments the agency said .
Thief stole sat nav from elderly woman's car after she was injured in crash .
Woman 73 was waiting for an ambulance with husband who has dementia .
Suspect was photographed as he fled the scene in Hulme Manchester .
Bearded man was wearing purple shorts and is aged between 30 and 40 .
Sarkozy faces charges over funding of failed 2012 bid to retain presidency .
Declared that 'hope has been reborn' after huge gains in regional elections .
But just days later he is pictured being driven to a financial court hearing .
Manny Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday .
The Filipino boxer is one of the biggest stars in the world of sport after a series of big fights .
Pacquiao spent his early years boxing in Manila in the Philippines and was pictured training as a 17yearold .
Pictures taken in 1996 show Pacquiao training at the LM Gym in Manila before he became a star .
The 36yearold arrived in Las Vegas on Tuesday after a 270mile journey from Los Angeles on his luxury bus .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manny Pacquiao vs Floyd Mayweather news .
Ricky Woolaston 35 posed as engineer to break into students' homes .
Stole laptops and phones in order to feed his drug habit court told .
Was caught after leaving behind charge sheet with name and address on .
Photos capture spectacular moment goose narrowly avoids fox's jaw .
The sly animal is seen leaping in his bid to bring down the large bird .
Actionpacked photos captured by Roger Byng in Gloucester wetlands .
When a user receives a call Hello will show them info about who’s calling .
This includes any public information collated from their Facebook profile .
Hello also shows how many people have blocked an unknown number .
Free app is currently in beta and only available on Android devices .
Kate Parker is the photographer and mother behind "Strong is the New Pretty"
The photo series shows her messy wild daughters as they are Parker said .
Israeli law says the Prime Minister must form his government in less than 42 days .
Netanyahu cites government stability and reaching "agreement on important issues" as reasons he needs additional time .
Queens Park Rangers strode to a 41 victory against the Baggies .
Joey Barton believes his side can take great confidence from away win .
Premier League relegation candidates QPR currently occupy 18th spot .
Rajee Narinesingh one of the victims of 'toxic tush doctor 'Oneal Ron Morris stepped out showing her new face over the weekend .
Rajee was recently treated by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched .
This after a 2005 procedure in which her cheeks chin and lips were injected with cement and tire sealant .
Ferrari won the second grand prix of the season in Malaysia .
Sebastian Vettel's victory was a shock given Mercedes' strong start .
But Ferrari's technical director believes Mercedes will be strong in China .
The cooler climate should suit Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg .
CLICK HERE for the latest F1 news ahead of the 2015 Chinese Grand Prix .
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu praises 'leader' Lionel Messi .
Bartomeu reveals Messi will always have a place at Barca .
Messi scored his 400th career goal for Barca last weekend .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
LA judge reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million for rap producer .
On Thursday morning Knight walked out of court after the hearing .
Authorities contend Knight intentionally hit the men killing Terry Carter 55 and seriously injuring Cle 'Bone' Sloan .
Knight 49 was a key player in the gangster rap scene that flourished in the 1990s and his label once listed Dr Dre Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg .
Plans for site for travellers has been approved by East Cheshire Council .
This is despite angry neighbours in village of Cledford angry about plans .
Grade II listed barn next to hall to be converted into toilets and showers .
Full cost of the development was only revealed through Freedom of Information request .
Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 61 in the Champions League on Tuesday .
Bayern trailed 31 after their first leg defeat in Portugal .
Manager Pep Guardiola appeared with a tear in his trousers on the sideline .
2 minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison in addition to adults getting life .
52 of the 73 defendants were sentenced in absentia .
The Virgin Mary Church was burned along with dozens of others in August 2013 .
Arsenal and Liverpool fans left seats empty at kickoff as part of a protest .
Supporter groups say they are disgusted at Premier League ticket prices .
More protests are expected after the lunchtime kickoff at the Emirates .
The CDC says "the risk to humans is low" but as always they are preparing for the worst case .
You can't get bird flu from eating poultry or eggs .
At least 100 people who worked with the sick birds are being monitored for any sign of sickness .
So far 3.5 million birds have been euthanized .
Mateo Musacchio fractured fibula and dislocated ankle during Getafe draw .
Santi Cazorla tweeted: 'A lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo'
Arsenal midfielder Cazorla and Musacchio played together at Villarreal .
Stephen Gilbert jokes that the dog 'unresolved anger issues' after bite .
He is defending a slim majority of 1312 in St Austell and Newquay .
Lib Dems think they could lose 20 seats but still be back in power .
Chris Sussman said particular jokes must go through 'a lot of layers'
Cautiousness comes after a 'difficult few years' at the BBC he added .
Made the comments at a Bafta event on free speech and television .
The University of Kentucky's winning streak was brought to an end Saturday night with a 7164 loss to the University of Wisconsin .
The Wisconsin Badgers will now play Duke for the NCAA tournament title Monday night  their first final since 1941 .
A crowd of more than a thousand gathered near UK's Lexington campus Saturday night to mourn the loss .
Police in riot gear arrested 31 people at that gathering on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .
During exchanges with  Marr Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions .
Mr Osborne only said it would come from Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’
Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman said the promise was ‘illusory'
White House said today that Jeremy Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month confirming rumors he'd soon exit the administration .
First lady offered a glowing review of Bernard's tenure saying she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team' and a 'lifelong friend'
He is moving back to California 'to think about what’s next and spend some quality time with Garbo my rescue beagle'
White House has not yet named a replacement .
Kevin Franklin left his 80yearold victim without any money to buy milk .
Meanwhile fraudster funded dream Alps wedding with eightyears of thefts .
Franklin said he needed money for failing business and after family deaths .
When he was arrested the fraudster had told police: 'I played him'
Jailed for nearly five years despite Franklin saying he's 'terrified' of prison .
Andy found fame in Made In Chelsea and dated Louise Thompson .
Has his own line of surfinspired city wear called Jam Industries .
Models spring/summer collection on beachy shoot .
Gerard Pique will be making his 300th Barcelona appearance against PSG .
The 28yearold joined the Spanish giants in 2008 from Manchester United .
Pique is poised to star in Barca's Champions League quarterfinal with PSG .
Porto hold a 31 first leg advantage over German giants Bayern Munich .
Manager Julen Lopetegui insists Porto must be on top form to progress .
Porto players appeared in high spirits during training at the Allianz Arena .
Nigeria's Presidentelect sends nation's prayers to families of girls .
World still expresses hope that the girls will return .
Boko Haram controls a portion of northeastern Nigeria .
Canadian adultery website to list shares in London in bid to boost revenue .
Ashley Madison claims to be secondlargest dating website in the world .
Online dating site allows married people to sign up and find affair partner .
Firm hopes Europe's supposed 'laissez faire' attitude to cheating will help .
Photographs taken after the 7.8magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche on Mount Everest on Saturday show the campsite buried beneath snow and belongings strewn across the mountain .
Eighteen people were killed in the avalanche including three Americans and more than 60 were injured .
Survivors recalled harrowing tales of being pummeled by snow and rocks as they prayed for their lives .
The massive earthquake is believed to have killed at least 4352 people across the region .
Manchester United are set to strengthen their squad again this summer .
Felipe Anderson has attracted interest from PSG and Manchester City .
Liverpool and Arsenal are also keen on Lazio's Brazilian midfielder .
Louis van Gaal hopes to sign two strikers when the transfer window opens .
Gonzalo Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with boss Rafa Benitez set to leave .
Phil Taylor suffered his fourth loss of the season with Thursday's defeat .
Peter Wright lost 74 to Adrian Lewis while Kim Huybrechts drew 66 with Stephen Bunting on 'Judgement Night' in Manchester .
Results meant Wright suffered elimination due to leg difference .
League leader Michael van Gerwen romped to a 74 win over James Wade .
Raymond van Barneveld drew 66 with Gary Anderson in the other clash .
Aurelio De Laurentiis furious after semifinal elimination by Lazio .
Napoli owner threatened to send the team to an 'unlimited training camp'
Rafael Benitez's side now only have the Europa League as a trophy chance .
Jehovah's Witness and her baby have died after refusing blood transfusion .
The 28yearold suffered from leukemia but refused treatment due to beliefs .
Over 80 per cent of treated pregnant leukemia sufferers go into remission .
Doctors and staff have described the distressing scene after the baby died and then the woman suffered a fatal stroke and multiorgan failure .
Patrick de Koster will go 'around the world' to talk about Kevin de Bruyne .
The Wolfsburg midfielder is wanted by Manchester City and Bayern Munich .
De Koster has admitted having talks with City chiefs this season .
But he has not spoken to Manchester United about a move for his client .
De Bruyne remains happy at Wolfsburg and could yet remain at the club .
On Tuesday SpaceX made a third attempt to land booster on a barge .
But the booster tipped over after hitting its target and was destroyed .
New footage reveals how rocket overcompensated for its extreme tilt .
Falcon 9 today reach the ISS with supplies for the astronauts onboard .
Norway's Alexander Kristoff won race after sprint finish with Niki Terpstra .
Geraint Thomas was among favourites to claim title following recent win .
The Welshman was unable to recover ground on Kristoff and Terpstra .
Exclusive: Zinedine Zidane has confirmed Real Madrid are keen on signing Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling .
Sterling has rejected the chance of signing a £100000 a week deal .
Zidane has revealed Real have been 'monitoring' England ace Sterling .
Real monitored the likes of Gareth Bale and Isco before completing deals .
READ: Liverpool may struggle to sign big names says Brendan Rodgers .
Chelsea to play three matches inside six days in the United States .
They will face New York Red Bulls Paris SaintGermain and Barcelona .
Fiorentina will then travel to Stamford Bridge for friendly on August 5 .
Four matches will make up Chelsea's participation in Champions Cup .
READ: Chelsea interested in £43m Antoine Griezmann .
LeBron James scores 30 points as Cleveland beat Boston .
Cavaliers beat Celtics 9991 to extend their lead in series to 20 .
Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 117106 in Canada .
Houston Rockets take 20 lead over Dallas Mavericks with 11199 win .
Christopher Swain donned protective suit to swim through Gowanus Canal .
Brooklyn waterway is famous dumping site for toxic industrial waste .
Roughly 377million gallons of diluted raw sewage poured in each year .
Swain quit twothirds of a mile into 1.8mile journey and said it was like 'swimming into a dirty diaper'
Swimmer gargled peroxide and had special tablet on hand to fight against contaminated water entering his body and making him sick .
He urged faster cleanup of the canal which is slated for dredging in 2017 .
Aston Villa and Reading both charged with failing to stop spectators encroaching on to the pitch during FA Cup quarterfinals .
Villa's victory over West Brom was marred by chaotic scenes .
Reading's win over Bradford saw fans invade the Madejski Stadium pitch .
Clubs have until Thursday to respond to FA charges .
Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager .
Was stopped at airport with stun gun baton and knuckle duster in his bag .
Pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .
26yearold was sentenced to eight months in jail suspended for two years .
Fabio Capello believes England would be much stronger with John Terry .
Terry was  accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand back in 2011 .
The defender was stripped of the England captaincy by the FA .
Former England boss Capello believes Terry should have kept his role .
Sherrilyn Ifill: Police violence against unarmed AfricanAmericans is a national crisis .
U.S. policing needs dramatic overhaul she says .
Noreen Spendlove was 68 when she developed pain in her left side .
GP referred Noreen for a mammogram which revealed three tumours .
MPs warn that women will die as a result of the screening age limit .
'Extending the age for routine mammograms would mean more lives saved'
The 54yearold actress covers Marie Claire's careeroriented supplement which is featured in the May issue of the magazine .
Crown Princess Mary spent Sunday on the farm with her children .
Husband Crown Prince Frederik was absent as was Prince Christian nine .
Spent the day out petting calves and inspecting a herd of cows .
Event took place in the tiny village of Kirke Hyllinge in Zealand .
The ICC confirm Mustafa Kamal's departure as president .
Kamal unhappy with umpires after India beat Bangladesh at the World Cup .
There will be no immediate replacement for Kamal .
Youssouf Mulumbu has revealed votes for the Player of the Year awards .
West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane for the main award .
Eden Hazard was selected by Mulumbu for the young player award .
Jose Mourinho under fire after Chelsea only have 30 per cent possession in Saturday's 10 win over Manchester United at Stamford Bridge .
Chelsea's football this season has been pragmatic but ultimately effective .
Mourinho has learnt from the mistakes of last season to lead a title charge .
READ: Mourinho warns his young players he cannot play them all .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Incident occurred over the Arabian Sea in Mumbai Airspace .
A Resolution Advisory alarm is sounded if within 25 seconds of collision .
Both Emirates and Etihad say safety of passengers was not compromised .
Indian officials are now investigating the incident as it was in its airspace .
Cobain lived with Courtney Love in the two bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district .
The Nirvana frontman lived here in 1991 and 1992 .
Currently owned by Brandon Kleinman .
HeartShaped Box was supposedly written in its bathtub .
Renner showed off his vocal skills .
He sang an Ed Sheeran hit .
21yearold student Jackson Gordon has designed and built a functional Batsuit .
Made with money raised on Kickstarter the outfit has received a prestigious endorsement .
Two raiders tried to attack a jewellery shop in Wigan Greater Manchester .
They smashed in with an axe and sledgehammer but a brave employee managed to hold them back .
Criminals escaped on a motorbike but witness caught them on camera .
Police are now appealing for information to help them catch the raiders .
Whitney Fetters turned herself into cops in February after it emerged she 'had exchanged Xrated photos and videos with the student'
On Wednesday she was charged with soliciting sex with a minor for 'inviting the boy over to stay the night so they could have sex'
But the plans were scuppered when the school learned of their relationship .
Fetters allegedly began texting the boy when he was just 12 .
The death of a toddler two weeks ago is being treated as suspicious .
Police issued crime scene warrant on the property in Neilrex NSW on Wed .
Detective Whiteside said that due to inquiries it is regarded as suspicious .
The 20monthold was rushed to hospital after  struggling to breathe .
Police believe that members of the Neilrex community have information .
Over 100 items including children's jewellery floor mats kitchen utensils and silly straws contained either harmful plastics metals or chemicals .
Many of the chemicals can be absorbed through ingestion and skin exposure with children at risk due to their very high hand to mouth ratio .
A study of four discount retailers in the US found 81% of the products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'
CEO of Australian College of Environmental Studies Nicole Bijlsma said the ACCC's active chemical inspection program was 'not good enough'
Ashley Doody attacked pet dog Trixie  on Sunday after allegedly taking bath salts .
Trixie was seriously wounded during the attack but is expected to survive .
Stacey Eden 23 stands up for Muslim woman being bullied on the train .
Video shows a middleaged woman ranting about Islam to quiet passenger .
Ms Eden said the ranter labelled the Muslim commuters ISIS terrorists .
She also brought up beheadings a massacre and the Martin Place siege .
'What's that got to do with this poor woman?' Ms Eden fumed .
'Shut your mouth if you've got nothing to say'
Ms Eden said she stayed on the train to make sure they were OK .
Both parties alighted the train at the Airport shortly before 2pm Wednesday .
Police contacted Daily Mail Australia encouraging witnesses to come forward .
Islamic community leader says incidents are becoming increasingly common .
'I always make sure I have sufficient storage space on my phone to record'
Darron Gibson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with injury .
Gibson has a metatarsal problem but will be back for preseason .
Roberto Martinez wants to extend his contract despite repeated injuries .
Everton will likely rekindle interest in Tom Cleverley in the summer .
On Divorce Court episode Nathan Sellers went on show with Lia Palmquist and accused her of sleeping with every single member of WuTang Clan .
He said it was during one night as she partied with them at a hotel .
Palmquist would have had sex with RZA GZA Ghostface Killah Masta Killa UGod Inspectah Deck Raekwon Cappadonna and Method Man .
Ol' Dirty Bastard is dead so he wasn't involved no matter what happened .
Demetrious Johnson retains his UFC flyweight title .
The 28yearold beat Kyoji Horiguchi by submission in Montreal .
Quinton Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado in UFC 186 comain event .
Win was Jackson's first victory in the UFC since 2011 .
Muhammad Naviede died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft crashed in field .
The 60yearold sent text to relative shortly before plane span out of control .
Air Accident Investigation Branch investigation says message is 'unusual'
His daughter was on X Factor and brother entertained Cherie Blair at home .
The fatheroftwo was jailed for nine years in 1995 for a £45million fraud .
Police: A male TSA officer signaled to a female officer when he found a man attractive .
Female officer would notify scanning machine a woman  not a man  was passing through .
Police: That would trigger an anomaly in groin area leading male officer to grope passenger .
Archives reveal list of drunkards banned from every pub in Birmingham .
Were all put on the 1904 blacklist after convictions under Inebriates Act .
List was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them booze .
Offenders were also ordered to work up to 21 days of 'hard labour'
Kerry 'is delusional' if he expected to claim the Iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions when they didn't and get away with it he said .
Senate Armed Services Chair John McCain was responding to Iran saying there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant'
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it' GOP lawmaker said .
'At best Iran agreed to disagree with the United States on key nuclear weaponsrelated issues and to continue talks' another GOP senator said .
Another  said 'the Ayatollah and President Obama appear to be talking about two separate agreements...unfortunately I can’t say I’m surprised'
Oshun Cafe serves four variations of Brazilian superfood costing £6 each .
Popup restaurant will be open from 8 to 27 April .
Berries packed with amino acids as well as vitamins A B C and E .
Just nine points separates the bottom seven clubs in the Premier League .
QPR boss Chris Ramsey says they need three more wins to survive .
Burnley host relegation rivals Leicester in the league on Saturday .
Tottenham travel to Newcastle for their Premier League clash on Sunday .
Magpies supporters are planning a mass protest at St James' Park .
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino doesn't know how this will affect players .
Adrian Schaffner skis at speed with pet dog on his shoulders .
Dog called Sintha appears content and leans into the wind .
Video concludes with dog jumping off and running in snow .
Footage was captured in ski resort in Val Müstair Switzerland .
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 .
The elephants will be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in central Florida .
Some will live their lives out there while others will be used for breeding .
West Ham's poor 2015 form has led to rumours Sam Allardyce could exit .
But Allardyce has already led West Ham past last season's points total .
Allardyce is planning for next year but unsure if he will be at West Ham .
Ashley Mote 79 of Hampshire accused of string of fraudrelated offences .
They include acquiring criminal property and money transfer by deception .
He denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010 .
Southwark Crown Court hears of 'sophisticated fraud over several years'
Dave Roberts 50 bungee jumped from Transporter Bridge over River Tees .
His greatgreatuncle Daniel McAllister jumped to his death at same spot .
Mr McAllister jumped off bridge in drunken bet for sixpence 100 years ago .
Mayoral candidate Mr Roberts successfully completed the jump for charity .
Reserve Deputy Robert Bates surrenders to authorities posts bail of $25000 .
Bates is charged with seconddegree manslaughter in the killing of Eric Harris .
It is not known how fairy circles in the Namibian desert are made .
Clue may lie in the distribution of the barren circles of Earth in grassland .
Researchers in Japan discovered their distribution is similar to skin cells .
Like human cells the mysterious circles typically have six 'neighbours'
Bunny girl Eve Stratford 22 found with her neck sliced at her Leyton home .
Six months later Lynne Weedon 16 murdered near her home in Hounslow .
Murders were linked in 2007 when matching DNA was found on the victims .
Police have offered £40000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice .
Broke down during Los Angeles concert as he talked about his daughter Bobbi Kristin who has been in a coma since January 31 .
In the middle of his set in front of 4000 people he offered a pitch for his line of BBQ sauces .
Britain's heatwave sends ice creams sales soaring  with some vendors seeing a 400 per cent rise in sales .
Temperatures forecast to hit 21C tomorrow with the country set to be warmer than Ibiza Athens and Barcelona .
But the balmy conditions could be coming to an end with clouds wind and a spot of rain forecast for Thursday .
Showers predicted to hit London on Sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the London Marathon .
Ian Gibson 55 was hunting in Zimbabwe for an American client .
He was taking a rest when he spotted the bull elephant in the Zambezi Valley .
Approached it to measure ivory fired one shot then was crushed to death .
Funeral to be paid for by Dallas Safari Club where he was a popular figure .
Chilesaurus diegosuarezi was discovered by a child in southern Chile .
Late Jurassic dinosaur was a herbivore causing experts to rethink the idea that vegetarian theropods were close relatives of birds .
Fossils reveal unusual features from various dinosaur groups including short arms a long neck small head and leafshaped teeth .
Dinosaur has been liked to a platypus because of its mixture of traits .
Kurt Zouma reveals he has an ambition to win the Ballon d'Or .
Chelsea youngster has had an impressive first season at Stamford Bridge .
20yearold has been compared to Chelsea legend Marcel Desailly .
Oregon police are looking for the mystery motorcyclist who saved two boys from a gunman Edward West .
West allegedly confronted the boys after an argument and told them to 'get ready to die'
The rider swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun from West's hands allowing the boys to escape unharmed .
Michelle unveils sneak peak of Lipsy designs ahead of launch on Wednesday .
Star 27 was unveiled as face of tanning brand recently .
Shows off toned and tanned body in behind the scenes shoot .
Swears by peanut butter smoothies and alkaline food delivery service .
Greatgrandfather Robert Clark has lived in the house for 50 years .
He has spent £50000 life savings on a livein carer over last two years .
Brent Council says it cannot afford the care package the veteran wants .
Help for Heroes has launched a fundraising drive to pay for Robert's care .
Channel Islands were the only parts of the British Isles occupied in the war .
May 9 is the 70th anniversary of the islands' liberation from German rule .
Guernsey Jersey et al are marking the occasion with a fiveweek festival .
Rajpal Singh 34 had become depressed and began eating metal objects .
Over three years he swallowed around 140 coins 150 nails and more .
Says he didn't realise this habit could be the cause of his stomach aches .
Has undergone 240 procedures to remove objects  but some still remain .
Celine Bisette from Canada became an escort when she was in college .
She wants to feel proud of her job but complains that she is constantly battling the negative opinions of others .
The writer who uses a pseudonym has her master's degree but explains that sex work pays more than jobs in her field of study .
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight will be tried for murder in a videotaped hitandrun .
His bail is reduced to $10 million from $25 million .
A judge dismisses one of four charges against Knight .
English photographer John Chapple has traveled all over the world  and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera .
Chapple originally from North Devon first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography .
He has captured grassy fields in England major US cities and sandy beaches in Australia .
Chapple often takes landscapes with a Linhof Technorama 617s III camera .
Dashcam footage shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking shows a St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere with a child trailing behind .
It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion with the young boy being pulled along the ground on his belly .
Village watchman fought off a wild leopard armed with only a stick in India .
Managed to strike the big cat on the head before it dumped him to the floor .
Bystanders could be heard screaming as it stood at the feet of the man .
Managed to fend off the leopard with his stick while still on the ground .
50 die each year as a result of being exposed to the sun at work in Britain .
250 in jobs like agriculture and construction register skin cancer each year .
Institution of Occupational Safety and Health says 'macho culture' to blame .
South Wales Police launched an investigation into three of its officers .
Stephen Phillips Christoper Evans and Michael Stokes are all facing trial .
The thee officers are all accused of 'theft by a serving police officer'
Phillips Evans and Stokes will stand trial in June in Cardiff Crown Court .
U.S. Navy moves aircraft carrier cruiser to waters near Yemen .
U.S. allied ships prepared to intercept Iranian vessel if they enter Yemen's waters .
Iranian admiral says his country's ships operating legally .
A teenager has broken the world record for completing a Rubik's Cube .
Collin Burns finished the notoriously difficult puzzle in just 5.25 seconds .
He shaved 0.3 of a second off the record at an event in Pennsylvania .
South Korean adventure seekers have founded a surfing community near the country's border with the North .
The demilitarized zone separating the North and South features the world's largest border military presence .
The community consists of Seoul's growing jetsetting adventure class hipsters gangsters and expats .
Out of 17 bingo halls tested seven revealed traces of cocaine in toilets .
One in Bristol even tested positive for dangerous variant crack cocaine .
Figures show spike in OAPs receiving hospital treatment for drug abuse .
Manchester City lost 21 against Crystal Palace on Monday night .
Gary Neville: 'They've got a mentality problem. There's no doubt'
Former Manchester United and England defender Neville on what is wrong with reigning champions City: 'This team cannot sustain success'
JAMIE CARRAGHER: Yaya Toure ducked out of his duties in the wall .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Man City news .
Byron Schlenker and daughter Emily 14 are both world record holders .
47yearold from Syracuse New York has tongue wider than an iPhone 6 .
Is now a celebrity in hometown since winning Guinness World Record crown .
Four Royal Navy sailors are bailed following hearing Nova Scotia Canada .
Three sailors are from Hampshire one is from Gloucestershire .
They are charged with raping a 21yearold woman at military base party .
Men were in Canada playing a hockey tournament with Canadian forces .
Nic Newling spent his childhood in psychiatric wards and hopping from doctor to doctor who couldn't figure out why he felt so depressed .
It took years of trialling medications and experiencing suicidal thoughts before he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder .
When his older brother committed suicide due to his own quieter battle with mental illness Nic's life was put back into perspective .
He now works as a mental health advocate trying to destroy negative stigmas and encourage open and honest conversation without shame .
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats .
But in a bid to trick her her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix .
Washington company unveils matches that burn in testing conditions .
The £5.47 UCO Stormproof Matches use a coating that always smoulders .
They will start burning again once they comes into contact with oxygen .
Rigorous tests have drenched the matches in buckets buried them in mud and blown them with a compressed air hose .
Iona Costello 51 and daughter Emily went missing on March 30 .
Recognized by someone at the New York hotel they were staying in on Sunday .
NYPD officers questioned them and say the case is now closed .
Iona called her mother Diana Malcolmson at 3:30 a.m. on Monday morning to tell her she was ok .
'She hadn't listened to the news. She didn't know she was causing all this trouble' said Malcolmson said .
Roger Federer won first match since losing Indian Wells final in March .
The 17time major champion won 62 61 against Jeremy Chardy .
Federer will take on Gael Monfils for place in quarterfinals .
David Curry visited The Wallow in Blyth Northumberland with his family .
He walked into the bar but was told to leave by a member of staff .
The pub chain has apologised but said branch has a no tracksuit policy .
Mr Curry often wears sportswear because he runs 20 miles a day .
Joanna Biggs tells the stories of real people she has interviewedin the UK .
She offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work .
Confesses she hoped for more resistance to the way society is organised .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute postponed screening following complaint .
College Muslim Association disagreed with plan to show American Sniper .
Other students say the postponing is censorship and attack on free speech .
Film will be shown but with forum for discussion to follow the screening .
Lindsay 28 moved to the UK last spring before making her London stage debut .
The former child star has become more famous for her runins with the police and the media than anything else in recent years .
But Lindsay is now vowing to stay in London to 'grow up'
She appears in a provocative spread for Homme Style magazine having been shot by famed fashion photographer Rankin .
Juventus take on Monaco in Champions League quarterfinal on Tuesday .
Juve coach Massimiliano Allegri warns it could be a 'boring' game .
Monaco beat Arsenal in the last16 and are the outsiders in the tie .
Floyd Mayweather is closing in on welterweight limit WBC checks show .
Mayweather is down to within threeandahalf pounds of his target .
Boxers required to weigh no more than 10 per cent over 147lb welter limit .
Manny Pacquiao is also understood to be within the 30day stipulation .
CLICK HERE to watch the official advert for the MayweatherPacquiao fight .
Daniel Sturridge's calf and thigh injuries show no sign of relenting .
The striker will yet again be absent for Tuesday night's clash with Hull .
Brendan Rodgers is unsure whether Sturridge will play again this season .
Rodgers says he will bring in more players to relieve burden next season .
Williams was suspended  from NBC in February after it emerged he'd lied about being in a helicopter that was shot down in Iraq in 2003 .
A new report in Vanity Fair claims Williams lied because he felt insecure taking over from beloved anchor Tom Brokaw at the Nightly News .
While some execs saw his lying as 'quirks' of his personality the tales left Brokaw 'incensed' and he ultimately didn't support Williams in February .
After he was accused of lying Williams wondered if he had a brain tumor .
But other NBC employees said Williams had always been out of his depth because of his lack of experience and disinterest in 'hard' news .
Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea at the end of the season .
The 32yearold goalkeeper revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to firstchoice Thibaut Courtois .
Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season .
Former Chelsea goalkeeper Carlo Cudicini feels Arsenal should sign him .
READ: Arsenal waiting for  Cech decision before they move for keeper .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Lacey Spears of Scottsville Kentucky was found guilty last month of seconddegree murder in the death of GarnettPaul Spears .
The 27yearold Spears was found guilty of forcefeeding heavy concentrations of sodium through the boy's stomach tube .
Judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty'
She showed no emotion when she was sentenced .
Brett Robinson 33 facing 12 charges after allegedly letting an inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .
Allegedly brought him into the control room where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket .
Relationship continued and Robinson wrote inmate a love letter saying he was 'a constant presence in my thoughts fantasies and dreams'
Was caught during an investigation into colleague Jill Curry 39 .
Curry was sentenced to four years and two months in prison last month for repeatedly sleeping with a sex offender at the same prison .
Robinson hopes to plead insanity and was 'vulnerable passive and gullible'
James Morrison headed Tony Pulis' West Bromich Albion side in front within the first two minutes from a corner .
Craig Gardner doubled West Brom's lead with a 30 yard screamer in the secondhalf at Selhurst Park .
Tony Pulis on his return to Selhurst Park guided his side eight points clear of the relegation zone .
Medhi Benatia was taken off against Bayern Leverkusen on Wednesday .
The Bayern Munich defender will be out for between two and four weeks .
Bayern face Porto in the Champions League on April 15 and April 21 .
Benatia described his injury as an 'occupational hazard' on Twitter .
Alice Barker danced in legendary Apollo and Zanzibar clubs during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance as well as movies TV and commercials .
But she had lost her old photographs with time and no one could find her videos because of a misspelling of her name .
David Shuff who met Barker years ago reunited her with some of her short musical films known then as 'soundies'
The videos now play in the common room of her retirement home where Shuff says she is a 'rock star'
Lawsuit tried to block Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga .
Family's lawsuit said yoga promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity .
4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld court ruling against suit .
District said yoga taught in secular way to promote  flexibility and balance .
Yoga taught to district's 5600 students at twiceweekly 30minute classes .
Cambridge United chairman warning of rise of violence among older fans .
Dave Doggett said grandfathers  in their 50s and 60s trying to arrange fights .
He said violence has increased since club promoted to League Two in 2014 .
Dr Ellen Gallant battled to save the lives of those injured in avalanche .
Spoke of her devastation seeing a 25yearold Sherpa die in front of her .
Earthquake sparked by devastating 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal .
Four Americans among 18 people dead after huge avalanche on Everest .
Celtic were beaten 32 after extratime by Inverness as the underdogs reached the first ever Scottish Cup final in their club's history .
However a blatant handball in the box by Josh Meekings was missed by officials leading Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths to feel 'robbed'
The Hoops were left to rue the decision not to award a penalty or red card .
Retired Col. Perry Clawson pitched up outside shamed Zeta Beta Tau frat .
University of Florida chapter in Gainesville accused of abusing veterans .
Witnesses say they spat at wounded vets at Panama City Beach retreat .
Zeta Beta Tau chapter suspended and three members expelled .
Clawson said the frat 'p*****d off' the entire military community .
Robert Gentile was  charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent .
But his attorney claims the arrest was a ruse  to get Gentile to talk about the 1990 Boston art heist at the Isabel Stewart Gardner Museum .
Gentile's house was searched in 2012 and police found a list of the stolen art pieces and their estimated value as well as police uniforms .
The halfabillion heist remains unsolved and FBI has never  come close to finding thieves .
Gardner museum continues to display empty frames and is offering $5million reward for the return of the works .
Prosecutors get investigative report a day early but don't expect immediate word on charges .
Attorney general: We're continuing "careful and deliberate examination of the facts"
Gray family was told "answers were not going to come quickly" and that's fine attorney says .
Yarmouk is a refugee camp near Damascus in warravaged Syria .
Pierre Krähenbühl of the United Nations: Individual lives underscore need for humanitarian action .
Stunning pictures show men firing rockets at rival churches' bell towers in annual 'war' as part of ageold tradition .
President Putin attends solemn mass in Moscow with the country's Prime Minister and the Mayor of the city .
Pope Francis head of Roman Catholic Church marks 100 years since Armenian Genocide with special service .
Ruth BenGhiat: Italy's colonial past plays a key role in the migrant humanitarian disaster in the Mediterranean .
She says African migrants still bound to histories of exploitation that shaped their home countries long after end of Italian rule .
Eben Kaneshiro 35 found dead at Deschutes County Adult Jail on Sunday .
Kaneshiro was the owner of New Breed JiuJitsu in Portland Oregon .
Charged with three counts each of firstdegree sodomy and sexual abuse .
Was arrested last week and accused of molesting boy under the age of 12 .
MMA fighter was a Brazilian jiujitsu black belt with 31 fights since 2002 .
Manchester City lost 42 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday .
Yaya Toure was the subject of scathing criticism on Sky Sports .
Gary Neville said Toure cannot handle central midfield against 'quality'
Neville used Ivorian as an example of 'weeds in the garden' at City .
Bilby numbers are dropping with only around 600 left in Queensland .
The native marsupial once occupied 70 per cent of the Australian mainland .
Now they have disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area .
Introduced predators like feral cats and foxes are their biggest threat .
Controlled breeding programs are in place to try and save the Easter icon .
Progress M27M suffered a glitch moments after launch this morning .
Roscosmos says problem is with its antenna and propulsion system .
Spacecraft was scheduled to dock with the ISS today to deliver food .
Plan is 'indefinitely abandoned' as Russia scrambles to gain control .
Singersongwriter Joni Mitchell is still hospitalized .
Her longtime friend Leslie Morris wants to be appointed her conservator .
England's top order collapsed on the first morning in Antigua .
Jonathan Trott Alastair Cook and Gary Ballance all out cheaply .
Michael Vaughan critical of footwork and mindset of the trio .
Vaughan is favourite to take up role of England cricket director .
Georgia Powers: Rand Paul running for president would like minorities to think he's an advocate. His record on rights shows otherwise .
On civil rights women's choice voting rights immigrant DREAMers education he has shown he'd take country backwards she says .
The shop in Mecca Saudi Arabia will stock 'Islamically approved' products .
Set to be opened by Moroccan owner of a Dutch sex shop called El Asira .
Abdelaziz Aouragh claims that a Saudi cleric has approved the proposal .
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash One Direction's Niall Horan's clothes .
Niall had been staying at a house in Augusta for the US Open and the washing machine there broke so Miss Sokie was asked to help out .
She washed clothes and took picture of herself wearing Horan's polo top .
Miss Sokie also claims to have kept Horan's boxer shorts for herself .
The couple who does not wish to be identified is suing Premiere Photos for allegedly printing the caption 'Poor N***** Party' on the bottom of photos .
The couple rented a photo booth for the wedding and the bride's sister noticed the racial slur but chose not to tell the couple on their special day .
The couple allegedly called James Evans of Premiere Photos but he issued no apology and that is when they decided to sue .
Joe Hart has revealed he is inspired by the likes of Gianluigi Buffon .
Italy's record cap holder Buffon played his 147th game for the Azzurri .
Man City shot stopper Hart recorded his 50th appearance for England .
Click here to read Martin Samuel's match report from Turin .
Hairstylist Chris Appleton explained the inspiration for 24yearold Rita's unique and overthetop hairstyles .
He confessed that her blonde mane requires a lot of 'maintenance' and has to be bleached every three weeks .
Unlike Kim Kardashian however Chris doesn't believe Rita will be going back to brunette any time soon .
Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu were murdered on patrol in December .
Their families threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener .
They were joined by Mayor De Blasio who was booed when introduced .
Tom Brady and 'American Sniper' widow Tara Kyle also threw first pitches .
Kris Commons fired Celtic into the lead on the stroke of halftime .
Partick Thistle's James Craigen was sent off before the penalty .
Stefan Johansen doubled the home side's advantage in the 63rd minute .
American to make a rare appearance at a Villa match .
They take on Liverpool in the FA Cup semifinal at Wembley on Sunday .
Lerner did visit Villa Park for Arsenal game back in September .
He has been trying to sell the club since last May in £150m deal .
Kell Brook was keen to fight Amir Khan at Wembley Stadium this summer .
But instead Brook will take on Frankie Gavin at the O2 Arena on May 20 .
Amir Khan's dad Shah says Brook could have had the fight he wanted .
But Khan Snr claims that promoter Eddie Hearn has been 'disrespectful'
Andre Ward sees Paul Smith as an ideal opponent before a Carl Froch fight .
Julie Walters pretended to be trusted official to gain access to care homes .
Claimed to be both a council warden and from church to steal cash .
Fleeced three elderly residents of money in three separate attacks .
Admitted burglary and was jailed for two and a half years at Minshull Street Crown Court .
Arsenal play Reading in FA Cup semifinal on Saturday evening .
Chelsea kick off against Manchester United 10 minutes later .
Wenger says 'something should be done' and 'it is difficult to understand'
Arsenal manager also brands circus around Jurgen Klopp 'ridiculous'
Klopp announce on Wednesday he will leave Dortmund this summer .
The Soviets invaded Poland in World War II and deported hundreds of thousands of people .
Tomasz Lazar photographed some of these Poles and listened to their stories .
Number of UK deaths per will rise by 20% over the next two decades .
Funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent over the past ten years .
'Simple’ funeral with cremation minister and undertaker now costs £3590 .
Julian Assange's father's eccentric Newtown home sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday .
The quirky haven is a short walk to parks cafes on the buzzing strip of King Street in Sydney's trendy inner west .
It was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door .
Set on 247sqm it is a treasuretrove of original decorative finishes after being rebuilt by Shipton in the 1990s .
The bathroom features freestanding bath complete with a rain shower and marble and mosaic mirror detailing .
Pension firms said Britons remain baffled about how radical changes work .
Over55s are now able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots .
Some customers in their 20s have been trying to withdraw retirement savings despite being three decades too young .
Others do not know they face hefty tax bill if they remove all cash at once .
Militants in Yemen fired on Saudi border troops in Saudi Arabia's Asir region media outlet says .
Rebels have taken Yemen's presidential palace in Aden sources say .
U.S. warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping a U.S. defense official says .
Samir Nasri came on as a substitute as Man City lost to Crystal Palace .
Frenchman dined at Hakkasan restaurant with his girlfriend on Tuesday .
Man City could use winger as bait to sign Juventus star Paul Pogba .
READ: Manchester City to swoop for Jack Wilshere and Jordan Henderson .
CLICK HERE for the latest Manchester City news .
Stoke have opened talks over a contract extension for Asmir Begovic .
Manager Mark Hughes is keen to keep the inform goalkeeper at the club .
He feels Begovic could be central to stabilising Stoke in the top half .
Begovic has attracted top suitors including Spanish giants Real Madrid .
He put in an excellent performance during Stoke's win over Southampton .
Andros Townsend scored the equaliser in England's 11 draw with Italy .
Townsend tweeted  to hit back at Paul Merson for his previous comments .
Townsend has been been 'desperate' to silence his critics .
Merson had slammed Townsend for his display against Man United .
The $39.99 (£26) gadget is called the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug .
It keeps hot drinks at between 68 and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for 45 minutes .
Mug can be used more than seven times before it needs to be charged .
And it can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord .
Lauren Hill was a promising basketball player diagnosed with rare tumour .
Was given two years to live at just 18 which was reduced to two months .
Teenager defied the odds to carry on playing basketball for months more raising money for research into childhood cancer before her death .
At a public memorial today her casket was placed in the arena and at the site where she made her first basket with items from her basketball career .
James Koryor 41 arrested Tuesday on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse following the death of his son at their home on Monday .
The boy 2 died after being left in a locked car for up to 2.5 hours .
The outside temperatures hit 93 degrees in Phoenix Monday .
The mother found her son in the car and tried to resuscitate him .
Koryor reportedly confessed to drinking and falling asleep .
Footage showed an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm hitting Belarus .
China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year .
Half of dust in atmosphere today is due to human activity said Nasa .
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach Florida by John Bailey .
Bailey has said the bobcat caught the shark after entering the water .
The bobcat might have been scared by his presence since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find .
A spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission believes the image is genuine .
Chris Smalling has impressed for Manchester United in recent weeks .
Steven Gerrard was poor at Wembley but Liverpool will miss him next term .
Bayern's Thomas Muller led celebrations against Porto with megaphone .
But don't try it over here stewards in their yellow jackets would not like it .
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein launched his election manifesto on Monday .
He wants the World Cup hosting rights rotated between continents .
He rejected the idea of the tournament being expanded out from 32 teams .
Grenada is known as the 'Island of Spice' and is full of foodie flavours .
Celebrity chef Rosemary Shrager spent a week on the Caribbean island .
Favourite local dishes include goat's cheese and salt fish fritters .
A Melbourne man has unearthed a WW1 medal  with his metal detector .
Ashley Manzie tracked down the medal owner's greatnephew after posting photos to an online fossicking forum .
The discovery was made a week before 100th Anzac Day commemorations .
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer leaked Thursday before being yanked offline .
Film will be released on March 25 2016 and stars Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill .
Zoo keepers place food in the barrels to stimulate the lions when feeding .
One lion reaches too far into the food barrel and gets its head stuck .
Lion is captured on video thrashing about attempting to free itself .
The incident occurred at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands .
Yi qi is thought to have lived 160 million years ago during the late Jurassic .
The dinosaur has an unusual bone sticking out of its wrist and had a membrane that covered it to form a wing much like that of a modern bat .
Scientists say it is unlike any other dinosaur which evolved into birds and may have glided or even been able to fly by flapping over short distances .
The fossil was discovered by a farmer in Qinglong County in north China .
Adam Federici lets Alexis Sanchez's extratime effort through his legs .
Sanchez's goal made it 21 to Arsenal who will now play in the FA Cup final .
Federici left inconsolable after error but says he will come back stronger .
Due date believed to have been between last Wednesday and yesterday .
Kate 33 plans to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington London .
She may have already spoken to doctors about option of being induced .
Bookmaker's 6/1 joint favourite for birth date is tomorrow and Tuesday .
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the first half at the Bernabeu .
Cristiano Ronaldo then hit the post with a penalty before James Rodriguez nets .
Juanmi pulled one back for Malaga but Ronaldo scored late on to secure the win .
Gareth Bale and Luka Modric go off injured for Real Madrid .
Mayweather and Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas Nevada on May 2 .
Around 500 tickets for the welterweight unification clash sold out very fast .
The high Payperview price may lead thousands to stream bout illegally .
Launched by Twitter Periscope used to stream HBO's Game of Thrones .
Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions to streaming .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been turned into puppets .
They will feature in a new comedy sketch show similar to Spitting Image .
Other royals to feature include Charles and Camilla and Prince Harry .
Newzoids begins on the 15th April on ITV1 .
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season .
He has eked out wins for Chelsea when they have not been at their best .
Hazard finishing has steadily improved over the last 18 months .
The Belgian star has scored 17 goals for the Blues this season .
Wayne Rooney's midfield role hindered his influence against Chelsea .
John Terry has started in each of Chelsea's 33 Premier League games .
Terry's personal best is 37 Premier League appearances in 20092010 .
Jose Mourinho hailed Terry's performance during 00 draw with Arsenal .
The 34yearold made just 14 appearances for Rafa Benitez during 201213 .
READ: Chelsea captain Terry is Premier League's greatest ever defender .
Toni Elliot 53 thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin Tennessee on Thursday .
However when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand .
Fortynine precious stones followed .
As naturallyoccurring pearls are rare it's expected that Elliot's stash could fetch a princely sum .
Yannick Bolasie scored a hattrick against Sunderland last week .
The Crystal Palace star is the wishlist of clubs for during the summer .
Alan Pardew warns his admirers that Bolasie will cost them at least £20m .
Robert Dellinger 54 allegedly tried to kill himself in December 2013 by driving across highway but instead he killed a young couple .
Amanda Murphy 24 and Jason Timmons 29 were killed instantly in the crash in Lebanon New Hampshire .
Murphy was eight months pregnant with their first child a girl .
Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for their deaths and to assault for the death of the fetus .
He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes on Thursday .
Sarah 30 from Los Angeles has come under fire for ‘boasting’ about her toned figure throughout her pregnancy .
Followers regularly share their disbelief at her photos – while critics have warned her healthy regime could be harmful to the baby .
But Sarah insists her frequent workouts and healthy eating are nothing but beneficial for her unborn child .
Chris Jans was fired for 'acting aggressively and inappropriately' at the bar on March 21 .
Parents of woman he touched at the local venue filmed his behavior .
They also accused him of moving a woman's head towards his crotch .
Made one girl walk infront of him so he could 'evaluate her assets'
Jans who had a $325000 contract is married and has two children .
University said his behavior 'failed to meet the obligations of a head coach'
Assistance Dogs are a little known but crucial tool for children with autism .
They are used to keep the child safe and encourage social skills .
Children with autism often have difficulty with social interactions and their verbal and nonverbal communication skills may be badly affected .
Autistic children 'have a tendency to 'bolt' when anxious or stressed .
The Assistance Dog is trained to keep a child out of harm's way and make outings more manageable for the carer .
Gang bundled birds from aviary in Brownhills West Midlands into sacks .
They were jammed into drawers squeezed to death and chased by a dog .
All four men involved found guilty at Walsall Magistrates Court last week .
Lifting sanctions could pave the way for Iran to build atomic bomb .
Obama hailed new deal as a 'historic understanding'
Critics including Saudi Arabia fear deal gives Iran scope to cheat .
Mirko Filipovic aims to avenge 2007 firstround defeat to Gabriel Gonzaga .
Filipovic was beaten by a headkick from the Brazilian eight years ago .
He admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of Saturday's bout .
Tiger Woods gave former NBA star Yao Ming a few tips on his swing .
The 7ft 6in Chinese athlete retired from Houston Rockets in 2011 .
14time major winner Woods will return to competition at TPC Sawgrass .
Chelsea win Barclays Premier League and reach Champions League .
Bounemouth promoted to Premier League for first time in their history .
Watford make first return to top flight since 2007 .
Bristol City crowned League One champions with two games to play .
Burton Albion promoted from League Two with Shrewsbury .
Tranmere Rovers and Cheltenham Town relegated from League Two .
Barnet win Conference to earn promotion back to Football League .
Researchers find that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima .
The barn swallow for example dropped from hundreds to dozens .
This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall .
And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
Rory McIlroy will be on the front cover of EA Sports' PGA Tour 2015 game .
The game offers multiple ways to play including arcade controls .
Fans can create their own custom gameplay style .
33yearold Stuart made the bizarre excuse to exgirlfriend Sophie .
She told of the creative excuse for cheating during a TV appearance .
But a redfaced Stuart stormed on to the Jeremy Kyle Show to deny it .
The Jeremy Kyle Show weekdays at 9.25am on ITV .
Skeletal remains near Daytona Beach on April 23 1990 .
The woman was never identified and her murder never solved .
New forensic technology has reconstructed a facial image .
She was aged between 25 and 40 about 5'4' and had her hair in pigtails .
There is a $5000 reward on offer for relevant information .
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a divaesque meltdown on set .
'This is the most unprofessional set I have ever been on' he screams .
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell 18 has been missing since March 2 .
Residents reported plumbing van driving suspiciously near the pond .
Stepfather Wesley Hadsell 36 was taken into custody late last month after allegedly breaking into a home and finding her jacket .
He is still in custody after judge said he tried to impede investigation .
The tiny garden gnome is signed by all four members of the iconic band .
It appeared with celebrities and world figures on 1967 Sgt Pepper's artwork .
It was given to an assistant photographer following the shoot for the cover .
The cardboard garden ornament sold at auction for a surprising £29000 .
Richard Klass: Iran framework agreement on nukes is strong but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .
He says the deal would cut uranium stockpile centrifuges implement rigorous inspections it should be judged on merits not disinformation .
Hundreds of boxes of fresh meat was being taken to refugees in Aleppo .
But ISIS militants spotted a label claiming the chickens were USreared .
They declared the cargo 'unlawful' and set light to hundreds of the crates .
Wastage comes despite up to 650000 facing starvation in wartorn Syria .
Luis Figo is challenging to replace Sepp Blatter as FIFA president .
Former Portugal star doesn't believe all of Confederation of African Football's (CAF) 54 votes will decide in Blatter's favour .
Prince Ali bin Al Hussein and Michael van Praag are also in the running .
Janner sent the card to detective after learning he would not be charged .
Christmas card even invited retired Kelvyn Ashby to dinner at Parliament .
Former policeman said he was appalled by the Labour peer's note .
Officer says superiors forced him to drop inquiries into alleged sex abuse .
Four medical experts who examined the peer did not all agree on the nature and extent of his dementia as outlined by Mrs Saunders .
Janner’s own barrister was surprised he escaped charges in 1991 and suspected attempts to influence the prosecutors’ decision .
The Director of Public Prosecutions in charge at the time said he could not even remember seeing the politician’s file.
Judge won't allow teen leave hospital before her last chemotherapy treatment .
Attorneys for the teen are deciding whether to appeal .
Cassandra C. is now in remission and is no longer opposed to the chemotherapy treatments .
Leonard Keysor 30 was a bomb thrower during World War I at Gallipoli .
He would catch or pick up live grenades and throw them back at the enemy .
For his heroic effort Lance Corporal Keysor was awarded a Victoria Cross .
The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive .
He spent 48 hours throwing 'hundreds' of bombs back at the Turkish army .
Claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command .
Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk .
But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse .
Comments came on the anniversary of Yuri Gagarin's first spaceflight .
Aaron Hernandez even when on trial for murder keeps that certain bounce in his step .
Hernandez seemed to watch his former boss and fiancee closely when they were on the stand .
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January this year .
The Switzerland international's form has tailed off in recent weeks .
Reports have suggested he could leave the club at the end of the season .
Inter boss Roberto Mancini insists those reports are completely made up .
New Line Cinema is reportedly planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie .
Carey was queen of the '90s and that decade is totally hot now .
Former First Lady Hillary Clinton has not announced whether or not she will run for President .
Her husband says he will support her wishes no matter what  but will take a backseat role if and when she begins her campaign .
During her 2008 campaign it was reported that his staffers clashed with her team .
Liverpool beat Newcastle 20 in the Premier League on Monday night .
Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen saw off the Magpies at Anfield .
Liverpool are four points behind fourthplaced Manchester City .
READ: Jordan Henderson hopes Liverpool can turn up heat on Man City .
READ: Rodgers will talk to Raheem Sterling about his behaviour .
The explosion at the Fresno County Sherrif's gun range happened on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co pipe carrying natural gas .
An equipment operator and a group of jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99 which was closed after explosion for three hours .
Ten inmates and the operator were hospitalized three of whom were in critical condition .
Three inmates were evaluated and sent back to jail and two deputies were being evaluated for ringing ears and exposure to the hot blast .
California Public Utilities Commission said it is investigating the explosion .
Annegret Raunigk 65 from Berlin is pregnant with quadruplets .
Pregnant following artificial insemination using donated sperm and eggs .
Refused 'selective reduction' abortion and will keep all four babies .
Project Fi will be hosted through Sprint Corp and TMobile's networks .
It costs $20 for basic service and unused data is paid back to customer .
The invitationonly service will work only on Nexus 6 phones in the US .
Numbers will live in the cloud so users can talk on any connected tablet .
Tiger Woods has made his first public appearance for 60 days .
He had been on hiatus to recover from injury and a dip in form .
Woods warmed up at the Augusta course ahead of the 2015 Masters .
The 39yearold was given a warm welcome back by the crowd .
Travellers stopping at the St. Cloud airport in Minnesota can hunt turkey .
Pittsburgh airport offers deer hunting permits on its 800 acres of land .
San Francisco offers its guests a choice of two yoga rooms to unwind in .
Antitrust chief  said Gazprom is barring EU clients from selling on its gas .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said charges were 'unacceptable'
'Era of Kremlinbacked  economic blackmail draws to a close'  Lithuania .
Rightwing groups want court to let them sue the IRS in a classaction lawsuit for violating their constitutional right to equal treatment .
IRS applied different criteria to rightwing groups holding up their applications for years while liberal organizations skated through .
Obama administration fought the release of a list of 298 groups it denied taxexempt status beginning in 2010 citing privacy concerns .
Judge in Cincinnati overruled the government and ordered the IRS to hand over the list .
If court 'certifies' classaction status the tea party groups will be free to demand emails phone records and other documents .
Heather Mack jailed for 10 years over mother's murder in Bali .
Boyfriend Tommy Schaefer sentenced to 18 years in prison for the attack .
Mack gave birth to the couple's daughter last month .
John Higgins defeated Judd Trump 54 at the China Open in Beijing .
He will play defending champion Ding Junhui in the quarter finals .
There were also wins for Mark Selby Shaun Murphy and Kurt Maflin .
Deal between Iran and six world powers has given Iranians hope writes Ghanbar Naderi .
Lifting of international sanctions a possibility Iranians hope for better living conditions he adds .
People will likely keep President Rouhani's "moderate" government in power Naderi writes .
Sam Allardyce had his chance with West Ham but has failed to take it .
Allardyce's reputation is that of a man who guarantees topflight survival .
Yet West Ham have been playing relegation football since Christmas .
They must go to the Olympic Stadium with more than survival as the aim .
Napoli manager Rafael Benitez could be persuaded back to English football .
The Burmese capital was moved from Yangon (Rangoon) to Naypyidaw inexplicably about a decade ago .
Despite multimillion dollar efforts to build up the city foreigners are not keen to visit and locals refuse to relocate .
The official numbers reveal a population of 924000 but rarely have people been photographed walking outside .
Francis Pusok 30 was arrested Thursday after a hours long chase with police in San Bernardino County California .
A news helicopter following the chase recorded police tasering Pusok putting him in handcuffs and continuing to beat him after he was subdued .
The father of three was released from jail on Sunday and spoke out on Monday about the scarring experience .
In the wake of the attack 10 officers have been placed on leave pending an investigation into whether excessive force was used against Pusok .
Cristiano Ronaldo's 300th goal for Real Madrid came at Rayo Vallecano .
The Portugal man reached the landmark in only 288 games .
He has scored more goals against Sevilla than any other opponent .
READ: Ronaldo still some way behind Pele in the oneclub scoring charts .
Survivor Jeff Bauman stresses "we will never replace the lives that were lost"
A man who was at the finish line is glad Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is now a "convicted killer"
"Justice has been served today" says a once wounded police officer .
Aleksandr Glushko 21  drove for more than three miles while intoxicated .
He was spotted by a railroad worker as he sped towards the crash site .
Police also spotted the driver as he drunkenly looped back past them .
Glushko was charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol .
Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut .
Half of the players had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher on day one .
Liverpool legend Kenny Dalglish will be present at the Masters this week .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 42 at Old Trafford on Sunday .
Ashley Young Marouane Fellaini Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all scored .
Internet pranksters ripped into the Barclays Premier League champions .
Nico Rosberg was the last driver out of the pitlane and was forced to turn in a quicker outlap than he would have liked ahead of his final shot at pole .
The German narrowly lost out  to his teammate Lewis Hamilton .
Rosberg was just 0.042secs slower than his Mercedes rival .
Rosberg also said: 'Oh come on guys' over the team radio after he was informed he'd missed out on pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix .
Diana's will is among those stored in an archive which is to be put online .
In it she bequeathed £50000 free of tax to her former butler Paul Burrell .
The rest of her estate was divvied up between Princes William and Harry .
Internet users can pay £10 to view the documents and millions of others .
Burlesque star 42 is offering workshops at Canyon Ranch Arizona .
Learn how to 'strut' and skillfully remove garters stockings and gloves .
'Wellness experts will discuss sensuality intimacy and sexual health .
Amnesty's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death .
Organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions .
The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% compared with 2013 but death sentences up by 28% .
The controversy over Indiana's religious freedom law is complicated .
Some factors you might have not considered .
Paula Dunican paid £25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of Asda .
When she took it home she noticed a 'seeping' stain on the back of coat .
She then discovered the reptile's crushed body on the garment's lining .
The supermarket has apologised and offered her a £40 voucher and refund .
Millionyearold star MWC 480 is 'brimming' with carbonbased molecules .
Scientists say there is enough methyl cyanide  to fill all of Earth's oceans.
As MWC 480 evolves it is likely the molecules will move closer to the star .
Here the conditions may be suitable for life to flourish scientists believe .
A Tory government would create a new principle to review SNP policies .
Prime Minister to tell English voters SNP's  powers could impact their lives .
There has been growing resentment at 'apartheid' between north and south .
Cancer drugs are available on NHS in Scotland but not England and Wales .
Washington couple's son began complaining of someone talking to him .
One night they heard: 'Wake up little boy daddy's looking for you'
Also believe  hacker has infiltrated the device's camera to watch their son .
Tech experts warned baby monitors linked to internet are more vulnerable .
The man known only as Xu was keen to have a grandchild .
He bought the 'daughterinlaw' for £1311 at the beginning of 2014 .
Both his son and the woman that Xu bought suffered from learning difficulties .
After realising the young couple were not sleeping together he began having sex with her himself .
But when she failed to fall pregnant he decided to sell her on again .
Xu is under arrest for human trafficking at Lianyungang in eastern China .
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres .
They were taken by Dawn from a distance of 21000 miles (33000km)
The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres .
And it will soon study the whole planet  including its mystery bright spots .
Atletico Madrid 00 Real Madrid: Click here for Martin Samuel's report .
Jan Oblak was the difference between a defeat and a clean sheet .
The Atletico goalkeeper denied Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez .
READ: Mario Mandzukic the new Diego Costa for Atletico Madrid?
A second "Fifty Shades" film will be released in 2017 a third in 2018 .
Director Sam TaylorJohnson won't be returning .
Suspect Kenneth Morgan Stancil claimed he killed Ron Lane because the college employee made sexual advances to his 16yearold brother .
The murder suspect gave himself fascist face tattoos .
Stancil also said he is a neoNazi who is concerned about the future of white children and hates 'racemixing'
A brass lamp from the nurse's Derbyshire home is to go under the hammer .
She is thought to have used it to write nursing notes after Crimean War .
Lamp was passed on to servants and handed down through generations .
It will be sold by Hansons in Etwall Derbyshire on June 26 .
Senator Bob Corker has countered Barack Obama's previous assertion .
He claims congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'
Adds Congressional scrutiny is vital to make sure deal is not bad one .
Congress must 'tease out and ask important questions' about the pact .
Any nuclear agreement with Iran must also be approved Corker says .
The deal announced Thursday is scheduled to be finalized by June 30 .
Senate Foreign Relations Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure Congress debates and signs off any pact .
Man United beat Man City 10 in Saturday's under 18 encounter .
Callum Gribbin scored the winning goal at Moss Lane Altrincham .
The result leaves United two points behind leaders Middlesbrough .
The 'real' Manchester derby takes place at Old Trafford on Sunday .
Oliur Rahman took over from deposed mayor Lutfur Rahman yesterday .
New Tower Hamlets First leader said borough still had deeprooted racism .
This is despite a judge's ruling which said group 'played the race card'
Rahman's latest comments derided as 'ludicrous' by local Tory group .
Zuriel Oduwole is a 12yearold filmmaker .
To date she has interviewed 14 heads of state .
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex North Carolina cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around .
She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker .
As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement .
The motherofsix said that she and her husband Stephen had given up on ever having a daughter  their first is due in August .
Ryan Giggs apologises for his eightyear affair with brother's wife .
Manchester United legend rang his brother out of the blue after four years .
Rhodri's wife Natasha aborted Ryan's baby just before marrying Rhodri .
Natasha and Rhodri attempted to stay together but divorced in 2013 .
Former footballer also had affair with Big Brother star Imogen Thomas .
The Bayern Munich boss  has yet to commit his future to the German giants .
Pep Guardiola has been linked with a switch to Manchester City .
Former Bayern boss Ottmar Hitzfeld says Lucien Favre should replace him .
Borussia Monchengladbach set for Champions League football next year .
Cheesy slogans could be detrimental to pupils a researcher claimed .
Carl Hendrick said glossy notices are often 'reductively misinterpreted'
The least known of the Dutch cities The Hague was a village until 1806 .
It owes its growth to Louis Bonaparte Napoleon's brother who ruled here .
The city has a wealth of art including Vermeer's 'Girl With A Pearl Earring'
Statue in Wuhan central China depicts country's first ruler and his wife .
Tourists fondling her exposed breast has damaged statue officials say .
Legend has it that Yu was lead to wife by a magical ninetailed fox .
Final Barclays Premier League live TV matches announced .
Twelve matches to be shown on Sky Sports in May three on BT Sport .
Manchester United vs Arsenal moved to 4pm on Sunday May 17 .
CLICK HERE for the latest Barclays Premier League news .
Report claims Ivan Milat shot first victim years before backpacker murders .
The 'wrong man' jailed for attack which left Milat free to kill report says .
Milat's brother Boris says he has kept the shocking secret for 52 years .
Milat brutally murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992 .
He is serving seven consecutive life sentences at Goulburn Supermax jail .
Karlis Bardelis 30 was scaling the cliff face in Coire an Lochain Scotland .
Camera shows his axe come loose sending him tumbling down the cliff .
He's eventually rescued by safety rope after a falling 10m in 3.5 seconds .
Latvian Bardelis remarkably escaped injury and continued with his ascent .
The designer diffusion line went on sale Sunday morning but was almost completely sold out online before noon with stores selling out minutes after opening .
Resellers initially tried to unload merchandise at inflated prices including $799 for a $150 hammock now thousands of pieces are available on eBay with smaller markups .
Outraged customers have formed a social media campaign to boycott the merchandise from secondhand sellers .
An Australian woman finds a ring while snorkeling in Bali .
Words engraved on the antique ring give clues to its owner's identity .
Juan Mata says his side must look at their next seven games as 'finals'
Manchester United comfortably dispatched of Aston Villa 31 on Saturday .
Mata's side are currently third and a point ahead of rivals Manchester City .
They face their big rivals in a crucial clash at Old Trafford on April 12 .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon dismissed claims she wants a Tory victory .
She claimed the leaked memo is down to Westminster's fear of the SNP .
She called on Ed Miliband to commit to a deal to 'lock out' David Cameron .
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has announced a full investigation .
Photos obtained by Daily Mail Online show surgeon to the stars Dr Brandt who hanged himself in Miami on Sunday the year he graduated from his New Jersey high school .
They are in sharp contrast to the razor sharp cheek bones sunken eyes and platinum blond hair of the wellknown dermatologist .
Dr. Brandt was mercilessly lampooned in Tina Fey's NetFlix show .
He was a 'Jewish kid from Newark' who was described as 'scholarly' with an infectious grin by his peers .
He was voted Most Ambitious and Most Talkative student .
Harry Redknapp quit as QPR manager in February due to knee surgery .
Redknapp will manage Men United XI vs Leyton Orient Legends on May 31 .
Charity match is to raise funds and awareness for prostate cancer .
Deutsche Flugsicherung urges aviation industry to develop safety system .
Similar technology is already available for piloting drones but not planes .
Copilot deliberately crashed jet last month in Alps killing all 150 on board .
Separate report says passengers could hack planes using inflight TVs .
Alaa Abdullah Esayed posted 45600 tweets supporting ISIS to followers .
Some posts included pictures of the dead bodies of jihadi fighters .
Others quotes a poem advising parents how to raise children to be violent .
Esayed 22 could face 14 years in prison after she admitted  encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications .
Data was taken from 941300 male and female Sleep Cycle app users .
It found 6:09am is the earliest wake up time  and this was in South Africa .
Two thirds of countries spend the least amount of time in bed on Sundays .
And 58% of countries experience the best night sleep on Wednesdays .
Home where accused murderer Vincent Stanford 24 lived with his mother and elder brother is for sale for $179000 .
The threebedroom home which features a tinroof is located on a quiet leafy street home to families and pensioners .
It is now a hub of frantic activity with forensics police seizing items of interest and checking for fingerprints .
Mr Stanford was arrested at the property on Wednesday night after police found discrepancies in his alibi .
Police reportedly discovered school keys believed to belong to bridetobe alleged victim Stephanie Scott .
Daily Mail Australia understands the family have rented the fibro property for a little more than a year .
An advertisement highlights the home's appeal for local buyers seeking to escape the rental market .
'Why burn your money? Rent money is dead money...(requires) just a small deposit & repayments'
Ms Scott's body has not been found but police are scouring irrigation channels and the bush for clues .
Tomorrow will be week's warmest day and Met Office says aboveaverage temperatures are forecast until June .
Weather caused by warm air from the Azores creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August .
Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on weather records being broken this summer .
Public alerted to dangers in water as jellyfish arrive early off coast and firefighters issue 'tombstoning' warning .
Manchester United flop Anderson was sent off for Internacional this week .
Anderson saw red for an offtheball shove during the first half of 11 draw .
Teammate Fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans .
Officer Aaron Stringer of Bakersfield California accused by trainee cop .
Said to have played around with corpse of Ramiro James Villegas 22 .
Villegas had been shot dead by police earlier that day after a car chase .
Trainee officer Lindy DeGeare said Stringer took her into a morgue .
Allegedly said he 'loves playing with dead bodies' and asked her not to tell .
Stringer who was put on leave was ultimately not charged by prosecutors .
However family of Villegas said they are close to filing a suit of their own .
Australian Financial Review writer Geoff Winestock told Fairfax to sack him .
He hopes that 'in  50 years' there are 'no soldiers around to honour'
Mr Winestock spoke out in support of SBS sports reporter .
Scott McIntyre was sacked over his ANZAC day tweets .
Remembering 'rape and theft' committed by 'brave' Anzacs he tweeted .
McIntyre also called the Gallipoli landings 'an imperialist invasion'
His comments sparked fury with hundreds calling for him to be sacked .
'SBS apologises for any offence or harm caused by Mr McIntyre’s comments' the broadcaster says .
Jordan Spieth holds lead in 2015 Masters .
Strong starts from McIlroy and Woods .
Both fall away as 21 year old Spieth takes control .
Greater Manchester Police Chadderton warn of wasting valuable time .
The 44yearold man had recently arrived back to the UK from Algeria .
Wasting police time could result in sixmonth imprisonment and/or a fine .
John Lord 86 was found dead close to where he and wife June 81 walked .
His family said he had left a note before he disappeared on April 6 .
Wife of 63 years died from 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain six days earlier .
Police found Mr Lord's body in River Trent near couple's favourite beauty spot .
Sportsmail revealed Manchester City would listen to offers for Yaya Toure .
Manuel Pellegrini admitted he was not happy about Toure's performances .
But the City boss has vowed to support him until the end of the season .
Manchester City face West Ham at Upton Park on Sunday .
Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell about joining Manchester City .
Shipping company representative denies cargo ship caused the capsizing .
UNHCR spokeswoman tells CNN that a cargo ship may have touched the migrant boat .
Italian authorities have arrested two survivors on suspicion of human trafficking .
A piece of space history is going up for auction in New York this month .
It is a bloodstained checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in 1965 .
This spacecraft orbited Earth 66 times with two astronauts on board .
Blood came from astronaut's hand while trying to close the hatch in space .
Chelsea scored late winner to beat QPR 10 at Loftus Road on Sunday .
Cesc Fabregas scored with Chelsea's only shot on target .
Chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the Premier League .
Jacob King has been identified as man who stood up to antiIslam protester with swastika tattooed behind his ear .
In a photo of Mr King holding his arms out and going toetotoe with aggressor was snapped by Kenji Wardenclyffe .
The antiracism protester told Daily Mail Australia he had asked the neoNazi to back down and not fight his group .
Steven Carl Day's confession over drinks that he molested young girls led to his murder Robert Mccombs the roommate of the alleged murder testified .
Mccombs said that when Day confessed to he and his former roommate Roger Musick that Musick said he wanted to kill Day .
Mccombs claims that Musick strangled Day to death and that the two of him dumped his body and then hid the evidence .
Mccombs was released from prison in early March for tampering with evidence in Day's death but Musick will stand trial for Day's murder .
Real Madrid beat Granada 91 with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring five goals .
The Portuguese forward now has 36 goals this season in La Liga .
That league tally is more than the totals for 53 of Europe's top 98 teams .
Nine teams in the Barclays Premier League have fewer goals this season .
German Grand Prix has been scrapped because of financial problems .
Bernie Ecclestone cannot guarantee the future of the Italian Grand Prix .
Jackie Stewart insists there should always be a place for 'essential races'
This 4x4 from Russia is a fraction of the price of a new Land Rover .
Offroad the Niva is in its element with low and highrange gears .
But forget luxuries because the Niva is an unabashed frillsfree zone .
A highly capable ruftytufty 4x4 from Russia — for a fraction of the price of a new Land Rover.
It's a confident charmer that stands out from the crowd with high suspension pressed steel wheels Sovietstyle looks and real rarity value. Expect to get gawped at: someone offered to buy mine on its second trip out. Always fun.
Now available in the UK from Niva imports through its dealer BB Motors in Corby Northamptonshire (01536 202207 lada4x4.co.uk).
On the road the basic 1.7litre petrol engine (your only option) is deafeningly noisy but tolerably smooth. Power steering manageable dimensions and a tight turning circle make it reasonably practical for the supermarket or school run.
The seats are comfy and thanks to a high driving position and large wing mirrors allround visibility is good. Top speed is 91 mph.
Offroad the Niva is in its element with low and highrange gears differential lock and a sturdy monocoque construction. It is lighter and more sprightly in the mud than many bigname utility 4x4s with 220mm ground clearance a 600mm wading depth and a climbing ability of up to 58 per cent. Tall slender tyres give it an added advantage when things get mucky.
You won't have to agonise over pages of extras... they're more or less nonexistent. This is a very basic utility vehicle after all.
Choose in white blue green or red then decide whether you'd like the snorkel or snow plough (really) attachments. An LPG option is available for an extra £999 — but you lose boot space.
Reasonable fuel economy at 33mpg and affordable to insure — once you've explained exactly what it is. Meets Euro 5 emissions standards. The heated blower presumably designed with Siberia in mind has plenty of muscle for icy winter mornings.
Also available in a compact van format (£10590 excluding VAT and road tax).
Spartan on the inside. Forget luxuries such as radios cupholders central locking and electric windows — the Niva is an unabashed frillsfree zone. The upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud and there's not much to break or go wrong.
There are only four seatbelts and a slightly pokey boot.
Don't trust the petrol gauge which regularly aims to deceive.
No warranty is offered as standard — although a twoyear plan is coming soon — and spares may need to be imported (BB Motors will assist).
Only available in lefthand drive — unless you put in an order for more than 500 of them!
Shhhh! You didn't hear it from me. But patriotic Russian President Vladimir Putin made a big play of driving a Lada Niva back in 2009 — but fitted it with a German engine.
Judge had to set aside own feelings to give them an appropriate sentence .
Carers told one woman she lived in a brothel another she would be killed .
All four care workers convicted and sentenced for the 'systematic abuse'
Abuse committed in 2013 at Wentworth Croft Care Home in Cambridgeshire .
Jake Boys 19 booked tickets for trip with EmilyVictoria Canham 18 .
But blunder saw video blogger Mr Boys organise flights to Dublin .
Now planning train trip to Cardiff and admits he 'could see the problem'
Injury forced Carl Froch to withdraw from bout with Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr .
Instead Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara on Saturday night .
The WBA supermiddleweight champion is searching for his next fight .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a Liverpool deal worth £100000aweek .
20yearold gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday over the issue .
JAMIE CARRAGHER: Four reasons why Sterling has got it wrong over deal .
Tim Sherwood replaced Paul Lambert as Aston Villa boss in February .
Villa are four points above the bottom three with five games remaining .
Philippe Senderos and Aly Cissokho are available again .
Martyn Uzzell died instantly when a 4in pothole threw him into path of a car .
Cyclist was riding from Land's End to John O'Groats for charity in 2011 .
His widow Kate has now been awarded a sixfigure payout from the council .
But North Yorkshire County Council still refuses to apologise despite coroner ruling the state of the road was to blame .
'Retrosweat' aerobics classes allow attendees to 'forget 2015 for an hour'
Classes dress up in skimpy leotards and work up a sweat to Eighties hits .
Classes currently run in Sydney's Alexandria and Surry Hills .
Founder Shannon Dooley also offers 'DialASweat' class for hens parties .
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre .
Barry Hearn is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council .
Hearn is also close to securing a new deal with the BBC .
Both deals are due to expire in 2017 .
The youngster's mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive in Maryland as usual on Sunday evening since it's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment .
But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning it had reportedly disappeared .
Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot .
Alert issued over rogue workers in nuclear transport and public services .
MI5 giving advice on risk posed by employees working in sensitive areas .
Follows actions of pilot Andreas Lubitz who killed 150 people in the Alps .
A BA pilot claims his airline does not carry out mental health checks .
Derby's Tom Ince scored two longrange goals at Huddersfield in a 44 draw .
Playoff chasers Derby were 10 up 31 down and 43 behind in the game .
The amazing contest also saw Huddersfield have three goals disallowed .
Comfortably Numb is a singleuse 3D printed device that numbs the skin .
Produces a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin in 60 seconds .
Invention costs around $2 to make and could help millions terrified of pain .
Three firstyear students behind invention say it could work for tattoos too .
Aboriginal teenager arrested says police assaulted him while handcuffed .
'Kicked me across the face as my hands were cuffed' Eathan Cruse says .
19yearold was one of five arrested in Melbourne antiterror operation .
His father says he was also the victim of police brutality during raid .
Sevdet Besim 18 charged with conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism .
Kong Meng Xiong 21 of St. Paul Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping thirddegree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment .
Xiong allegedly tried to kidnap his 15yearold girlfriend and force her to be his bride in a traditional Hmong marriage .
In Hmong culture bridenapping is a frownedupon tradition in which a male suitor kidnaps his bride if her family does not approve of the marriage .
Xiong pleaded guilty to sexual assault against a 13yearold girl in 2009 when he was 15 .
Former secretary of state landed Tuesday night at Washington Reagan National Airport after a firstclass flight from Boston .
Clinton stared ahead wordlessly walked and didn't acknowledge questions as Daily Mail Online asked whether she had made mistakes in Benghazi .
Deadly attacks carried out by an affiliate of al Qaeda claimed the lives of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other US personnel .
Special congressional committee  investigating circumstances before and after the attacks its report will come out during 2016 presidential campaign .
Questions remain about Clinton's alleged failure to protect her diplomatic outpost and the reasons she cited for the debacle after four flagdraped caskets came home .
U.S. intelligence knew at the time that Benghazi personnel were aware they were under attack but Clinton and other Obama administration officials blamed an outofcontrol protest linked to an antiIslam YouTube video .
Millionaire Andrew Bush 48 found dead shot dead at Costa del Sol villa .
Exgirlfriend Mayka Kukucova 24 a Slovakian model accused of murder .
She went on run to home town Nova Bosaca before finally giving herself up .
Kukucova's parents forced to sell home to pay for her legal fees in Spain .
Hamayun Tariq 37 shared four images of the factory on his Twitter page .
Father of two said he produces 'sophisticated IEDs' for ISIS in the room .
The divorced jihadi was born and raised in Dudley in the West Midlands .
Joined ISIS last year after serving a prison sentence in the UK for fraud .
Palermo representatives are in Madrid to discuss a possible move .
£29mrated Dybala is wanted by a host of leading European clubs .
Arsenal and Chelsea have been linked with the Argentine striker .
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has told Isco to be more defensive .
Barcelona have been installed as the Champions League favourites .
Napoli beat Wolfsburg 41 in UEFA Europa League sensation .
West Ham move to the Olympic Stadium ahead of the 201617 season .
Karen Brady announced reduced season ticket prices ahead of move .
Cheapest price will be £289 down from the current cheapest of £620 .
Sam Allardyce says filing the stadium is most important thing for a club .
Joe Sullivan 46 was the first federal prosecutor specializing in hightech .
He has worked in security for eBay PayPal and Facebook .
As Uber's first security chief he will attempt to curb growing claims .
$40bn taxi firm accused of not adequately vetting drivers .
India driver accused of rape Denver driver of burglary London driver of sexual assault .
David Luiz was at fault for both of Luis Suarez's goals in Barcelona's win .
The PSG defender is a defensive liability according to Glenn Hoddle .
Luiz came off the bench early on despite a hamstring injury 10 days ago .
Thierry Henry believes Laurent Blanc should not have played the Brazilian .
Luiz was nutmegged by Suarez in the buildup to both of his goals .
Aaron Murphy scored twice as Huddersfield ended threematch losing run .
Former Wakefield Wildcats star has now scored six tries in his last five .
Murphy went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from Jake Connor's pass .
He was then on hand when Ukuma Ta'ai offloaded kick from Danny Brough .
Gul Ahmad Saeed suspected of shooting fiancee her parents and siblings .
Said to have been 'infuriated' about her uncle's indecisiveness over match .
Saeed 25 had already allegedly killed four members of his own family .
Has been on the run from police since their deaths earlier this year .
Three Russian ships that docked in Olavsvern Naval Base for the entire winter .
Base which was shut down in 2009 is nestled deep inside mountainous region .
Norway's military fears Russian presence on 'strategically important' coastline .
Martin Keown: Danny Welbeck's pace might have unsettled Chelsea .
John Terry and Gary Cahill are built to deal with players like Olivier Giroud .
Keown says Chelsea captain Terry's reading of the game is better than ever .
The Arsenal fans said it was boring but Chelsea are doing what they need to do to win the league .
Thierry Henry: Arsenal can't win title with Olivier Giroud in attack .
Thierry Henry wants Arsenal to sign a 'spine' of top players .
Arsenal look set to fall short of challenging for the Premier League title .
The likes of Petr Cech could be available come the end of the season .
Edinson Cavani is hoping for a move away from Paris SaintGermain .
John Terry: Arsenal will never be champions with their tippytappy football .
Pep Guardiola wore #JusticiaParaTopo top in press conference on Monday .
Several of football's biggest stars have paid tribute to Jorge Lopez .
Argentine journalist was killed in a suspicious road accident in Sao Paolo .
Lopez was in Brazil ahead of 2014 World Cup .
UEFA say discipline is because of an ‘incident of a nonsporting nature’
Lionel Messi Neymar and Luis Suarez have 102 goals this season .
They reached the landmark in Barcelona's 60 win over Getafe .
Messi and Suarez both scored twice at Nou Camp Suarez once .
READ: Barcelona pupils keen to teach Pep Guardiola a lesson .
60 win put Barcelona five points clear and piled pressure on Real Madrid .
Elderly couple accused Graeme Finlay of knocking them unconscious on boat .
They claimed the attack on Thomson Celebration cruise ship was unprovoked .
Finlay 36 claimed he was the one being assaulted and was defended himself .
Teesside Crown Court jury took less than an hour to give notguilty verdicts .
Liam Dawe was born healthy but suffered ongoing health complications .
Died at 21 last year having developed cerebral palsy following the assault .
Inquest in Plymouth Devon heard he was shaken at just four weeks old .
Natasha Willard appeared to be suffering from flu just before Christmas .
But four months later the teenager can barely move her limbs or talk .
She has been diagnosed with encephalitis or swelling of the brain .
Doctors are unsure whether Miss Willard 17 will be able to fully recover .
Gloucester beat Exeter 3019 to book their place in the Challenge Cup final .
The Cherry and Whites will face Edinburgh at Twickenham Stoop on May 1 .
Jonny May was overlooked for the last three rounds of the RBS 6 Nations .
University of Montana student studied recoveries after a workout .
Gave participants either fast food or supplement meals during recovery .
Found there was no difference in performance between the two groups .
And levels of glycogen in fast food group were actually slightly higher .
Reigning world heavyweight champion discusses Ukraine crisis .
Klitschko faces American challenger Bryant Jennings in New York on April 25 .
"Ukraine is looking forward to becoming a democratic country" Klitschko says .
Klitschko's older brother Vitali a prominent figure in Ukraine democracy movement .
Foreign GPs now account for 1 in 5 family doctors new NHS figures show .
In some areas such as Essex the proportion is more than two thirds .
Number will continue to rise due to shortage of homegrown GPs .
Corrina Skorpenske from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania took to Facebook to publicly shame the person who left a cruel note on her daughter’s car .
The anonymous critic accused Ohio State University student Harley Jo of taking away a handicap spot from ‘actual disabled people’
Man sat next to the 86yearold woman in church pew in Manchester .
He then stole her handbag and tried to snatch two other women's bags .
Police investigating  have described the April 3 incident as 'appalling'
They have released an efit of the man and are appealing for information .
SNP said retirement age should be frozen in a move costing billions .
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon also wants pensions to rise to £160 a week .
Parts of Scotland have among the lowest life expectancies in the UK .
Completely unqualified brothers were trying to create an Indian restaurant .
Digger then struck loadbearing column bringing down floors and walls .
Doctor's wife and student fell through floors and worked was buried .
Judge jails landlords for a year each telling them it was lucky no one died .
10 pupils pull out of trip to mosque after parents express 'grave concerns'
One parent expressed fears of child being exposed to 'violence and guns'
Lostwithiel School in Cornwall planned RE trip to Exeter mosque next week .
However other parents backed trip to promote education of various faiths .
'Temporary Assistance for Needy Families' funds can buy goods and services beyond food and necessities intended by program's designers .
Tattoos manicures lingerie jewelry movie tickets cruises and pornography will also be off the list if Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill .
Republicans in Kansas also want to limit benefit recipients to $25 per day in cash withdrawals with their governmentissued welfare debit cards .
Democrats say it's meanspirited and will make welfare enrollees think they're 'less' valuable 'than other people'
Brownback's administration has shrunk the TANF rolls by 60 per cent since 2011 the law would also force recipients to try to find work .
Adidas go app uses the phone's accelerometer to monitor the user's stride .
It then automatically plays tracks with matching beats per minute .
Songs are also selected based on the runner's musical interests .
These selections become more relevant the more the app is used .
The scale of influence Unite holds is chilling given what it seeks to impose .
It remains addicted to the failed socialist policies of Britain's past .
Mr McClusky denies holding too much power over Labour's Ed Miliband .
Prince Charles and Camilla  will celebrate their anniversary later this week .
The couple were married in April 2005 after their engagement in February .
In 2005 only seven per cent of people thought Camilla should be Queen .
Almost half are in favour of Queen Camilla when Charles takes the throne .
A British passport allows for visafree access to 174 countries .
That is tied for the most with Finland Germany Sweden and the US .
UK passport was 10th most expensive of 51 countries included in study .
The UAE China Russia and Czech Republic all pay less than the UK .
Around one in seven couples suffer with infertility .
Dr XiaoPing Zhai offers help via with traditional Chinese medicine .
Uses acupuncture and prescribes course of Chinese herbs .
Bryan Santana 20 of Orlando Florida was found guilty of murdering his former roommate Shelby Fazio 23 on Thursday .
He was sentenced to life terms in prison .
Santana previously admitted to strangling and stabbing Fazio a Disney World employee to death and having sex with her corpse .
He  also  attacked their third roommate with a knife and killed Fazio's dog .
His trial was set for Tuesday but pushed back after he smeared feces all over his body at the courthouse and tried to hit an officer .
In opening statements Wednesday prosecutors said Santana 'delighted' in the murder of Fazio .
They also showed photos of the messages he wrote on the wall in her dog's blood including one that said 'I'm not sorry for what I did'
Tennis star Andy Murray and fiance Kim Sears tied the knot on Saturday at Dunblane Cathedral .
Andy and his mum and dad have  arrived at the cathedral bypassing hundreds of wellwishers on their way in .
Kim Sears arrived at the cathedral not long after her fiance .
Andy posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers showing his plans .
One in five Australians admit to shopping  in bed with the lights out .
27 per cent confess to sneakily shopping online at work .
Three to four times a day is the regular amount people surf the shops .
Embarrassing items purchased online include underwear personal hygiene and action figures .
Kyle Naughton ruled out for six weeks with ankle ligament damage .
David Meyler was sent off the tackle and will serve a suspension .
Angel Rangel could replace Naughton for their home game versus Everton .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Swansea news .
Anthony Joshua has now won his first 11 professional fights .
He needed just three rounds to beat Jason Gavern in Newcastle .
Gavern was dropped twice in round two and again in the third .
Joshua now takes on Kevin Johnson at the O2 on May 30 .
Cartel violence helped make Juarez the murder capital of the world five years ago .
But the murder rate in the city has declined rapidly since 2010 .
Now city leaders are working to bring visitors and foreign investment back to Juarez .
Music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million 'sleep' playlists .
Ed Sheeran's single Thinking Out Loud is the top sleepinducing song .
The Brit singersongwriter appears seven times on the Top 20 list .
The Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu was brought down by the force of yesterday's 7.8 magnitude earthquake .
Durbar Square in the centre of the Nepalese capital is filled with rubble after historic temple collapse .
Complex above the city which is considered one of the holiest sites in Buddhism was also hit by the disaster .
More than 2500 people are believed to have died in the devastating earthquake in Nepal and neighbouring countries .
Geologists studied rocks in the United Arab Emirates that would have been on the ocean floor during the Great Dying 252 million years ago .
From this they could create a climate model to plot the mass extinction .
They believe volcanic eruptions released carbon dioxide into the oceans .
And rising acidity 'dealt the final blow' to an already unstable ecosystem .
Bizarrelooking creature can drink through two of his five mouths .
Local people in Narnaul are flocking to see him and pray at his hooves .
The calf called Nandi is thought to have the most mouths of any bovine .
The James Bond actor was given a 'license to save' by U.N. SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon in New York on Tuesday .
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause .
Just last month Craig walking cooly through smokey debris moments after a massive move magic explosion erupted on a Mexico City street .
Dion Dublin has been signed up to present Homes Under The Hammer .
Former footballer made his presenting debut on Monday morning .
45yearold helped renovate three bedroom house in Dartford .
Dublin played for Manchester United Coventry City and Aston Villa .
The China National Tourism Administration will monitor tourist behaviour .
Unruly Chinese citizens will be contacted when they return to the country .
The country has had bad press from a string of publicised incidents .
Jessica Silva stabbed James Polkinghorne outside her home in 2012 .
Silva was physically and mentally abused by her husband Polkinghorne .
She claims that if she had not acted first she would have been killed .
Silva says all she wants from her dead husband's family is 'forgiveness'
Polkinghorne's father cannot understand why she killed his abusive son .
Jessica was found guilty of manslaughter but had sentence suspended .
Justice Hoeben who presided over the case called situation 'exceptional'
Jessica Silva story features on Sunday night's 60 Minutes on Nine Network .
Adam Leheup found not guilty of rape and sexual assault by jury .
34yearold met the complainant after on the 'Let's Date' app .
Pair enjoyed a night out before Leheup went back to 25yearold's flat .
Leheup appeared emotional after being cleared at Blackfriars Crown Court .
Eden Hazard showed off his tricks for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine .
Chelsea star left his marker in knots on four occasions in a video .
Hazard's stepovers turns and his sharp control are fully on display .
Belgian star's Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .
READ: Chelsea fans storm Emirates Stadium to play practical joke .
Boy 13 arrested after deadly attack at secondary school in Barcelona .
The teenager allegedly shot and killed a teacher using a crossbow .
Teen had written a 'kill list' of 25 teachers and students classmates say .
Two students and two teachers were injured in the attack this morning .
Attack took place on 16th anniversary of Columbine school massacre .
Book by Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn republished from 1930s .
Originally designed to discover clever people by posing hard questions .
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in ITV police drama .
It is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor in the TV show .
It is four years since a producer said it was 'the last bastion of Englishness'
Brian TrueMay said show 'wouldn't work' with ethnic minority characters .
His comments caused a race storm that left ITV 'shocked and appalled'
Oscarwinning cinematographer Andrew Lesnie has died .
He is best known for "Lord of the Rings" "The Hobbit" and "Babe"
PM  absent tonight when five party leaders take part in TV showdown .
Nick Clegg has been excluded from the 'Challengers' debate on the BBC .
Ed Miliband said David Cameron was ducking the chance to defend record .
PM said he had 'unblocked the logjam' to ensure debates happening at all .
How does ISIS govern?
Robert Downey Jr. isn't the only celebrity to walk out of an interview .
Paris SaintGermain play Barcelona in the Champions League this week .
Defender Thiago Silva has warned his team of Barcelona's attacking threat .
PSG prepared for the firstleg by winning the French League Cup .
Lucas Moura: Lionel Messi is my idol... I am obsessed with his ability .
READ: PSG boss Laurent Blanc feels his side have hit momentum .
Clintons' New Year's vacation included stay at Casa de Campo where Sen. Bob Menendez spent time with Salomon Melgen the wealthy donor at the center of his criminal charges .
Bill Clinton's previous visits to Casa de Campo included at least one trip where he stayed with Melgen according to the doctor's former secretary .
Power couple stayed there with Alfy Fanjul a billionaire sugar baron who owns the resort and played a small part in the Monica Lewinsky scandal .
Dominican newspaper reported that they discussed Hillary's presidential ambitions .
Melgen has contributed $8600 to Hillary Clinton's senate and presidential campaigns .
Jericho Scott 16 was shot dead in New Haven Connecticut on Sunday .
Scott was told he could no longer pitch for Will Power Fitness team in 2009 .
Youth Baseball League of New Haven officials said he pitched too fast .
Sunday's murder was city's fourth homicide of 2015 and first youth killing .
Palermo defender Roberto Vitiello must improve their poor away record .
The Italian side have failed to win on the road since November 2 .
Udinese are also a team in danger of relegation and lost to Parma recently .
They boast a less than impressive home record winning one in nine .
There are eight teams in contention for promotion to the Premier League .
Every side involved will be targeting wins from their remaining games .
Prize money for promotion could come in at £120 million .
Man was fleeing bull during fiesta celebrations in Teulada eastern Spain .
Was knocked to the ground before crawling towards safety of bull bars .
However he couldn't make it before horn caught him between the legs .
Seen limping towards medics but was not thought to be seriously hurt .
Yesterday the Royal Family led tributes to those who fought at Gallipoli .
The day began in London with a dawn ceremony and service at Whitehall .
The Queen the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince William all attended .
Prince Charles and Prince Harry led the tributes in Turkey where they were joined by thousands of people and leaders from Commonwealth nations .
William Schultz was arrested Sunday afternoon hours after Jordan Almgren was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay .
Deputies put out an alert for Schultz after they said he got away in someone's truck .
The motive for the stabbing remains under investigation .
Day before the stabbing deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz .
Two council officers came 'sprinting' towards Kim Copeland in Coventry .
Said she had committed a crime and issued her with £50 penalty notice .
She refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated .
But she was then told to appear at court and fined £304 plus £200 costs .
Alexis Sanchez scored after 39 minutes following some clever play by Mesut Ozil for Arsenal .
Gareth McCleary's shot was deflected over the line on 54 as Reading hauled themselves level .
Sanchez struck again before half time in extra time when his shot squirmed through Adam Federici's legs .
Tottenham's new £400m stadium due to be completed for 201819 season .
NFL said to be within five years of having a franchise in London .
Wembley Stadium currently hosts NFL International Series games .
Three regularseason NFL games will be played in London this year .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
Senior official said there will be 'zero chance' that family of American held hostages overseas will face jail or prosecution for trying to free loved ones .
A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group is set to recommend the move which would mark radical shift in US hostage policy .
Family of US contractor Warren Weinstein who was taken by AlQaeda in Pakistan in 2011 paid a $250000 ransom to try and secure his release .
Journalist James Foley's mother said Obama administration told her it was illegal to raise a ransom to free her son .
James Foley was beheaded in August 2014 by Islamic State fighters .
Colin Mcinerney 28 was allegedly beaten outside Darwin McDonald's .
He says he gestured at family on Friday night  thinking they were his friends .
Colin pulled up at McDonald's drivethrough before the other driver got out and allegedly started bashing him .
Windscreen wipers and bottles were allegedly used to beat him .
Police say the two vehicles pulled up at traffic lights and 35yearold man took offence to Colin's gesture .
Colin the 35yearold man and his 36yearold female companion were all arrested over the incident but later released without charge .
Diane James described her admiration for Putin during radio debate .
Party's justice spokesman Russian President is a 'very strong leader'
Comments came as campaign chief says party members are 'chauvinistic'
Rodrigo Alves from London has undergone 30 bodychanging operations including four rhinoplasties liposuction and pec implants .
The 31yearold flight attendant will appear on the USbased reality show Botched this season to 'assist another patient'
Ashton Wood has issued a tongueincheek apology to Jeep and will read it out on  ABC TV's The Checkout tonight .
The car company requested he apologise for slamming them after he was not given a refund or replacement for a faulty vehicle he bought in 2010 .
Mr Wood instead launched an online campaign to destroy his $49000 car .
He is now campaigning to introduce Lemon Laws in Australia .
A spokesperson for Jeep said 'we have and always will treat Mr Wood in a fair and professional manner'
Frankie Ruttledge was always the 'fat bridesmaid' for her friends .
The 24yearold has since lost six stone after adopting a healthy diet .
Frankie from Yorkshire is now planning her own wedding next year .
Greg Hardy's league ban to begin on September 5 .
Hardy signed with the Dallas Cowboys in March .
Hardy was arrested and charged in May last year with assaulting and threatening to kill his exgirlfriend .
The case was dismissed in court in February after a lack of cooperation from the accuser .
The Russian outfit have been wound up after going bankrupt .
Rotor Volgograd famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup .
David Beckham Paul Scholes and Roy Keane played against Rotor in 1995 .
Roma win at home for the first time since November .
Miralem Pjanic completes a counterattack to put hosts ahead .
Morgan de Sanctis produces stunning goalkeeping display .
Napoli without a win for five matches after terrible run .
Northampton face Saracens at Franklin's Gardens on Saturday .
The reigning champions have creaked in recent weeks .
The Saints have lost crucial games to Clermont and Exeter .
Four babies and two mothers died in Oldham Royal hospital maternity unit .
Another three babies and one mum also died at North Manchester General .
Independent inspectors found failings in care and leadership of both .
Lisa Parkisson 35 died at Oldham 48 hours after giving birth in April .
Baby Thomas Beaty died from head injuries after botched delivery in June .
Carter and Jack Hanson who live in Raleigh North Carolina met their hero on the Yorktown  a retired carrier in Charleston South Carolina .
Robert Harding traveled to meet the boys from his home in Oklahoma after spending months exchanging daily emails .
Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the Yorktown during the Second World War .
Geraldine Alcorn 29 of Pittsburgh waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the parental custody of her 11yearold student .
In exchange for the waiver prosecutors dropped two misdemeanors Alcorn faced: luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors .
Police believe her interest in the child was not sexual but it was obsessive and she allegedly told the girl she wanted to run away with her .
The girl's mother a single parent complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working .
Iron Manstyle arm and hand was built by laser expert Patrick Priebe .
It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm .
In a video the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches .
Gadget is powered by Lithiumion cells and can be ordered from Mr Priebe .
The 79th Masters Tournament begins on Thursday at Augusta National .
Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy are among the leading contenders .
It has seen many shots which have gone down in golfing legend .
Seve Ballesteros Phil Mickelson and Nick Faldo all made history .
Lukas Podolski left Arsenal for Inter Milan on a loan deal in January .
German World Cup winner has yet to score since arriving in Italy .
Forward was an unused substitute in goalless derby draw on Sunday .
Podolski insists he wants to fight for his place in north London .
Student is no longer on Duke University campus and will face disciplinary review .
School officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose Duke says .
The noose made of rope was discovered on campus about 2 a.m.
Chimps were observed crossing busy road in Kibale National Park Uganda .
Most of the chimps looked left right or both ways before crossing the road .
The chimps crossed in small groups often running to get across quickly .
Scientists want to test underpasses and bridges to let chimps cross safely .
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in 00 draw with Burnley .
It came after he scored and won his first two caps for England this week .
Kane has hailed the spell as the 'best week of my life' in brilliant season .
Audrey Alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .
She claims the 40ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .
Feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .
Council finally rules that the hedge can stay  but must be cut back to 20ft .
Number of deaths in Britain will increase by 20% over the next 20 years .
Funeral firms are faced with bad debts and have increased their prices .
A  funeral with a cremation minister and an undertaker now costs £3590 .
Younger people may be straddled with 'funeral debts' due to higher fees .
Michael Vaughan in the frame to replace Paul Downton .
Former England captain has a chequered past with Peter Moores .
Moores insists there are no personal issues between he and Vaughan .
Downton was sacked as managing director of England cricket .
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years .
Called the Tpylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons .
But it is able to carry just as much power  400000 volts .
It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy .
Fairdale a town 80 miles northwest of Chicago was virtually flattened when the vortex hit on Thursday evening .
Residents were bused back to their homes by the DeKalb County Sheriff's Office in a bid to salvage what they could .
Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed while the other 33 are damaged .
Geraldine M Schultz 67 and Jacklyn K. Klosa 69 were killed inside one of the homes by the storm .
Companies will have to reveal names IP addresses and residential addresses of 4726 people who uploaded the film online illegally .
This will allow the film's copyright holders to seek damages or court action .
Internet provider iiNet warned they could demand up to $7000 .
Justice Nye Perram ruled that individuals' privacy must be kept and all letters from the copyright holder must be sent to him first .
Star formerly known as Frank is one of the party's most famous backers .
Said Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Miliband and Sturgeon out .
Warned Ukip has not done enough to 'weed out the bad' party members .
A robotic probe into the Fukushima nuclear plant released crucial information on conditions inside the reactor .
TEPCO: Recorded radiation levels and temperatures are lower than expected .
The robot was sent into the plant after the first one broke down .
TSA received more than 30000 claims of missing valuables between 20102014 .
Most of the missing valuables were packed in checked luggage .
MiamiDade police set up hidden cameras as part of sting .
Yaya Toure arrived at Manchester City in 2010 from Barcelona .
He has led City to two Premier League titles an FA Cup and a League Cup .
If he departs City in the summer the club will find it hard to replace him .
Dozens of animal welfare complaints made after Northern Ireland event .
Horse pictured trying to jump over car with glass still in windscreen .
One animal is seen crashing head first into turf  dismounting a rider .
Animal welfare group says horses were 'exploited and abused' in event .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Footage was released along with other key pieces of evidence .
Video played in court shows truck pulling up to driveway of burger stand .
His pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over Sloan's leg .
The vehicle is then seen plowing over Carter killing him .
Other pieces of evidence included an hourlong interview with Cle 'Bone' Sloan who survived being run over by the Death Row Records cofounder .
A number of images taken immediately after his arrest were also released .
Closeups of his face were intended to show injuries he sustained after being punched by Sloan .
Pointofsale shutdown is effecting 8000 Starbucks locations in US and Canada .
Company said in statement glitch was caused by a failure during a daily system refresh .
Glitch also affected Starbucks' Evolution Fresh and Teavana stores .
Many Starbucks locations closed their doors so as not to give away free drinks .
Coffeehouse chain said in update on its site stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday .
Manchester United travel to Everton in the Premier League this weekend .
It is Marouane Fellaini's first return to Goodison Park since joining United .
Louis van Gaal admits he has told Fellaini to keep his cool .
United are likely to be without Michael Carrick Phil Jones Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the trip to Merseyside .
Everton vs Man United: Team news kickoff time and probable lineups .
Lewis Hamilton qualified in pole position for Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix .
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel pipped Mercedes' Nico Rosberg to second .
Rosberg's father Keke was 1982 world champion .
Rosberg and his wife Vivian are expecting their first child in August .
While Hamilton courts fame and has a lavish lifestyle Rosberg's focus is on his family while his life is more settled .
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points and LeBron James had 20 for the Cavaliers .
Chris Paul scored 32 points for the Clippers as they beat the Spurs .
Kyle Korver had 21 points as the Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 9992 .
Memphis Grizzlies defeated Portland Trail Blazers 10086 on Sunday night .
Neil Tuckett's  newest model on his forecourt is  90 years old  but he is still selling one Model T every week .
His cars are popular with the public as well as the TV and film industry including the makers of Downton Abbey .
Customers love the Model T because they don't require need road tax or an MOT and are cheap to  maintain .
He said: 'They're like a giant meccano set really and so beautifully simple and reliable they just won't let you down'
Jose Mourinho opted against watching a Champions League fixture .
Instead the Chelsea boss saw Fulham U21s' 30 defeat by Porto U21s .
Mourinho was at Fulham's Motspur Park along with his son Jose Junior .
Real Madrid and Juventus join Bayern Munich and Barcelona in semifinals .
New pictures show Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe with shisha pipes .
The Liverpool pair are dressed in casual clothing and have a pipe each .
Pictures emerged last week of Liverpool star Sterling smoking shisha .
Footage also emerged of him inhaling nitrous oxide from a balloon .
The pictures create a fresh problem for Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers .
The images will be a concern for any potential suitors of the Liverpool star .
Thiago Alcantara scored Bayern Munich's first goal in 61 win over Porto .
Spanish midfielder dictated the game with precise passing from deep .
One commentator said: 'Thiago might well be the most technicallygifted central midfielder who has ever played for Bayern.
Thiago followed Pep Guardiola from Barcelona to Bayern Munich .
Manchester United made an ultimately fruitless effort to sign the midfielder .
Jacob Phillips plunged down cliff after leaping over a fence in the dark .
Got out of the taxi to 'use an ATM' before running away inquest heard .
The NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson allowing him to participate in league activities starting on Friday .
This after he was suspended last September following an indictment on charges of child abuse .
Peterson reportedly beat his son with a switch last May .
The running back in set to make $12.75million this season with the Minnesota Vikings .
Gloucester are in danger of being given a points deduction by the RFU .
The Aviva Premiership side played Mariano Galarza against Sale Sharks .
The lock was ineligible to feature so they will now face a panel hearing .
An arrest warrant has been issued Ben Cousins after he failed to show up in court .
Cousins 36 had been on bail for an alleged low speed police chase on March 11 .
He was charged with reckless driving failing to stop and refusing a breath test .
Cousins has been involved in a string of bizarre incidents in the weeks since which have seen him hospitalised for mental health checks .
Researchers in US examine effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women .
Half group got sugary drinks while others received artificial sweetener .
Women who had sugary drinks released less cortisol during maths test .
Scientists conclude sugar consumption 'may relieve stress in humans'
Andrew Steele 40 claims that the terminal disease affected his brain .
Steele is charged with firstdegree intentional homicide for the murders of his wife Ashlee Steele 39 and her sister Kacee Tollefsbol 38 in 2014 .
He has plead not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect .
Jury was presented with Steele's letter written before slayings claiming he had had threesomes with Ashlee and Kacee .
His attorney said Steele's last memory from day of killings was looking for scissors to cut zip tie from around his wife's neck during bondage sex .
For nonAmericans the White House it is a respected power symbol .
A journalist assigned to cover the Obama White House became intrigued .
She interviewed staff to get an insight into the inner workings of the house .
Kenneth Crowder 41 was arrested on Friday in Melbourne Florida .
He was spotted running naked in a neighborhood shouting he was God .
Police shocked him with a Taser twice but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer .
He was arrested on charges of battery on a lawenforcement officer and resisting with violence .
Australia to cut welfare benefits for parents who refuse to vaccinate their children .
The "no jab no pay" policy will come into effect in January 2016 .
The Australian government estimates more than 39000 children who have not been vaccinated .
Doctors at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences found a 56yearold man's kidney problems stemmed from drinking too much iced tea .
Black tea contains oxalate a chemical known to produce kidney stones and sometimes lead to kidney failure .
The unidentified man will likely spend the rest of his life in dialysis .
Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for sendoff of Martin Guptill .
Allrounder James Faulkner mocked Grant Elliott after his dismissal .
Sportsmail's David Lloyd added his voice to the chorus of criticism .
The value of sales fell by 19.3 per cent to around £14.5million last year .
Pale skin icons include the likes of Keira Knightley and Cara Delevingne .
Mark Wood part of the England squad flying to the Caribbean .
Alastair Cook's side to play three Test matches against West Indies .
At 5ft 11in and 12st he is not the size of traditional fast bowler .
Oscar was withdrawn at halftime in win over Stoke City last weekend .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho criticised Oscar publicly after Stoke game .
Brazilian midfielder has not completed 90 minutes in last 11 games .
Jose Mourinho's side visit QPR in the Premier League on Sunday .
22yearold Cao Yu was on patrol when she confronted the man .
Robber wounded her five times as she awaited reinforcements .
Colleagues say they found her 'bleeding all over' when they arrived .
The policewoman has been praised on Chinese social media for her incredible bravery .
Lea Coligado 21 a Stanford computer science student is the creator of the blog showcasing talented women in tech .
The profiling blog has already attracted women from big hitting tech companies like Pinterest and Postmates .
The blog's inspiration Humans of New York was started by New York photographer Brandon Stanton and features street portraits accompanied by quotes from the subjects .
Woman threatened to jump off Shanghai tower block after being dumped .
Dangled herself off ledge after police failed to talk her down .
Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out and grabbed her arm just as she was attempting to push herself off .
Legendary former Australian cricketer and commentator Richie Benaud died on Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer .
His wife Daphne declined a government offer for a state funeral .
Instead there was a smaller service attended by family and close friends .
In the memorial booklet at the funeral Benaud's family described him as 'a special person who means so much to each of us in many different ways'
CLICK HERE to watch 10 of Richie Benaud's finest moments .
Nurse Deborah Roberts forced a wet wipe into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth .
Dementia patient 96 occasionally screamed out because of her condition .
Roberts 53 also poured water over the elderly widow in a hospital ward .
She admitted wilfully neglecting frail Mrs Hadlow but will not be jailed .
Manchester United face rivals Manchester City in the league on Sunday .
Eight of United's firstteam squad are native Spanishspeaking players .
Six City players are from Spain or Spanishspeaking countries .
Fars News Agency alleges that Jason Rezaian sold economic and industrial information he obtained from Iran to Americans .
Government officials said in January that Rezaian 39 would stand trial for unspecified 'security charges'
Rezaian was taken from his Tehran home on July 22 and was not permitted to hire a lawyer until last month .
Alan Pardew claims he has the ability to manage the league's top sides .
However Pardew insists he is content with life at Selhurst Park .
The Eagles host Premier League holders Manchester City on Monday night .
Craig Cathcart stuck the only goal of the game in the 56th minute .
If the Hornets win their final two games they will be promoted .
Bournemouth were held 22 at home to Sheffield Wednesday .
In a new poll Diana was the favourite name for the second royal baby .
Alice and Charlotte were the second favourite names if it's a girl .
If it's a boy then the favourite name is James followed by Alexander .
CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta says we should legalize medical marijuana now .
He says he knows how easy it is do nothing "because I did nothing for too long"
Madison Crotty from San Diego in California is seen screaming and crying .
Video posted online by her father Buddy shows how he gets her to sleep .
He copies the scuba tank breathing made famous by villain Darth Vader .
World champion hurdler Jana Pittman has given birth to her second child .
Her daughter Emily was born on Monday weighing in at 3.1 kilograms .
Just a day before Pittman was filmed in training for the 2016 Rio Olympics .
She trained throughout her pregnancy with her first child son Cornelis .
Pittman aims to be back training in May and looks to compete at Beijing .
Grandparents have pleaded for the safe return of two children in Syria .
Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her fouryearold daughter and twoyearold son last year .
She said her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl'
Second modified armored van spotted near Des Moines Iowa alongside the one that Hillary Clinton travels in .
Visually identical black vehicles' biggest difference is the color of their New York license plates .
One is a Chevy and the other a GMC but they are mechanically identical and one was seen using Secret Servicefitted red and blue lights .
Van dubbed 'Scooby' in homage to the ScoobyDoo cartoon show brought Clinton to Iowa from her New York house .
'ScoobyTwo' made its debut in Norwalk Iowa on Wednesday outside a fruit processing plant where Clinton made a scripted appearance .
Man 45 had a kidney weighing 6lbs (2.7kg) removed in a Delhi hospital .
His other kidney weighing 5.5 lbs (2.5kg) was removed a week later .
Both kidneys beat the record of a 4.7lbs (2.1kg) kidney removed in 2011 .
He had autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) which caused his kidneys to grow to 20 times the normal size .
Jordan Spieth sent several records tumbling on his way to Augusta glory .
Jack Nicklaus praised the 21yearold's 'incredible performance'
He backed Spieth and Rory McIlroy to 'carry the mantle' for golf .
Meet golf's brightest young star: Jordan Spieth .
READ: Why it won't be too long until McIlroy wins the Masters .
Jessica Bialek found 'safe and well' after vanishing 36 hours earlier .
Ms Bialek was last seen leaving her home at 8.30am on Wednesday .
She was walking to the bank in Coogee southeastern Sydney .
Police are concerned for her welfare and have launched an investigation .
Ms Bialek's husband has pleaded for help in finding his wife .
On Thursday her father made a plea for her to contact family .
The motherofone is an accomplished arts photographer .
Antonio Di Natale played alongside Alexis Sanchez at Serie A side Udinese .
Former Italy forward claims Chile star was his best ever strike partner which have included Francesco Totti and Alessandro Del Piero .
Di Natale claims Arsenal forward is better than Barcelona star Neymar .
Grant Shapps has been accused of altering Wikepedia pages of his rivals .
The Tory Party chairman is in charge of the party's election campaign .
He has denied the claims calling them 'an extreme dirty tricks campaign'
David Cameron stood up for Shapps saying he is doing 'a great job'
The TV star has suffered with episodes of depression since childhood .
Contemplated suicide following divorce from first husband .
Celebrating 15th wedding anniversary with husband Phil Vickery in May .
Has just penned a sixth novel A Good Catch .
Says she has talked herself out of Botox is happy to look like a 57yrold .
For confidential support call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1800273TALK (8255) in the UK or call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .
Charlie Austin set to be included after netting 17 times for QPR this season .
Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's England Under21 team .
Austin will be monitored by  Roy Hodgson and his No 2 Ray Lewington .
England play the Republic of Ireland and Slovenia in June .
Spaniel Alfie had a heat pad placed on him during an MRI scan at a clinic .
But vets had warmed it up in a microwave rather than in an incubator .
After his owner Lynne Edwards then suspected something was wrong .
The 12yearold pet was then found to have suffered three degree burns .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Josh Mason gave TV interview thanking Clegg for not visiting his seat .
He is standing in Lib Demheld Redcar but faces Labour challenge .
After making scathing remarks he rowed back with statement from party .
Suggested that Lib Dem leader would be made 'welcome' after all .
Susan and Mike Fortuna of Shelburne Vermont say their daughter Mandy suffered an unexplained health deterioration soon after treatment .
The parents learned their daughter had been treated by the same doctor who previously caused a 7yearold boy to overdose lawyers say .
In that case Botox maker Allergan was forced to pay the family nearly $7million .
Gary Lineker launched the scathing attack after  historic election debate .
Labelled Nigel Farage a 'd***' over his comments on foreign HIV sufferers .
Football stars tweeted as seven major party leaders went headtohead .
Sol Campbell also attacked Ed Miliband saying it was clear he's 'no leader'
Karim Benzema missed Real Madrid's win against Malaga with knee injury .
Carlo Ancelotti had hoped the French striker wouldn't be out for long .
Welsh forward Gareth Bale could also miss Champions League clash .
Ri SolJu appears in public with her husband for first time since December .
N. Korean leader Kim Jongun and wife pictured attending a football match .
Former singer Ri and her husband Kim wore wedding rings at the event .
They were flanked by officials at Kim's grandfather's 103rd birthday party .
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley is an unpopular figure at the club for his perceived lack of ambition and investment in the last few years .
Mark Jensen editor of the Newcastle fanzine The Mag predicts that unless Ashley changes his approach the club will lose supporters .
The Magpies have lost their last six consecutive league games .
Thousands of supporters boycotted the last defeat by Spurs on Sunday .
Anderson Silva met with Brazilian taekwondo officials on Wednesday .
Silva is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests .
However the former UFC champion will fight for Olympics taekwondo spot .
One of the images posted on the Disciples of the New Dawn Facebook page has been shared nearly 80000 times since it was posted on Sunday .
While it is unclear if the group is genuine  or a satire  its messages have prompted thousands of women to share their own Csection stories .
Others are committing their support to past petitions to have the community's page removed from Facebook .
Oneyearold baby Malaja was shot while riding in backseat of her parents' car in Seattle suburb Thursday afternoon .
Driver and passenger of passing car pulled up and opened fire on silver Chevy Impala carrying Malaja .
A second terrifying eruption from the Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has forced over 4000 to leave their homes .
The cities of Puerto Varas and Puerto Montt are covered in ash and locals are becoming frightened for their health .
Yesterday's blast which shot ash six miles into the air was the first since 1972 and the first major one since 1961 .
No one is thought to have died from the two explosions but Chile's president has declared a state of emergency .
Qantas released photos of koalas in first class being served refreshments .
The 4 koalas are gifts for Singapore marking their 50 year of independence .
They will be travelling in specially built containers fit with eucalyptus tree .
This special gift was announced by Julie Bishop on Thursday .
Rose put himself in contention ending the second day on seven under .
It took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start .
Rose bogeyed three of the first four finding himself playing from the trees .
And that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue .
Amanda Knox 27 and her family have been left in financial difficulties by the fight to clear her name .
Biographer Douglas Preston claims the Seattle native now suffers PTSD .
Claims that the Knox family have used up the $4 million advance she got for autobiography .
He says that despite being declared innocent last month the victory was bittersweet .
In late March Knox 27 and exboyfriend Raffaele Sollecito were acquitted of murder of Meredith Kercher in November 2007 .
Pair were convicted of murder in December 2009 before being acquitted in October 2011 and reconvicted in 2014 .
Spent a total of four years behind bars while they were in Italy .
Rihanna Cooper 21 from Hull is working as an escort to pay for genital op .
Became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for sex swap at 16 .
Part way through treatment she decided she actually wanted to be a boy .
She had hormone injections but stopped treatment after 2 suicide attempts .
Now she says she does want to be a woman and is paying for her treatment .
George and Amal Clooney expected to host celebrity friends this weekend .
The couple invited guests to their Lake Como villa according to a source .
Italian authorities imposed fines for anyone caught loitering around villa .
Mrs Clooney a humans right lawyer turned 37 at beginning of February .
Protein World's billboard features a svelte bikiniclad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?'
The advertising campaign is facing a massive backlash with vandalised posters a petition and a protest rally .
Now head of marketing Richard Staveley revealed the company has even had bomb threats over the ad .
But he added it had been 'a brilliant campaign' and Protein World had no plans to change it any time soon .
Average cost of property in London is now less than in Salcombe Devon .
In Salcombe property tops £671759 and waterfront value is even higher .
Known as 'ChelseaonSea' the area is famed for its yachting and sailing .
Students who shared an iPad scored around 30 points higher on the test .
Courtney Blackwell worked with 352 students in America for the research .
Jenson Button suffering a third car failure of the weekend in Bahrain .
The Brit ground to a halt with another electrical issue on Saturday .
Latest glitch means the McLaren driver will be last on the grid on Sunday .
Elche striker Jonathas scored only goal of the game to beat Real Sociedad .
David Moyes' side remain in 12th place in the La Liga table .
Barcelona are top of the league two points ahead of Real Madrid .
British world dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin wins at World Cup .
29yearold victorious on horse Valegro at Grand Prix in Las Vegas .
The attack at a Garissa university last week killed 147 people mostly students .
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to AlShabaab .
Child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue causing lockdown on Sunday afternoon .
The unidentified child was reunited with parents following the incident .
Road safety video stars walk streets in bizarre 'safety suit' costumes .
Campaign says that 37 people pedestrians killed each year in Philadelphia .
Some have criticized program for blaming those hit rather than motorists .
Three people were killed and seven were seriously injured in the crush .
The music vans were trying to get into club Tsunami in Santiago Chile .
Police confirmed they have arrested seven people following the incident .
The band Doom are a Crust Punk band formed in Britain in 1987 .
Announcement states  the use of toilet paper by Muslims is now permitted .
Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey allows it but says water is better .
Islamic rules previously said that followers should use water or left hand .
Dominika Petrinova glued  naked boyfriend to a chair as painful revenge .
Erik Meldik cried as he tried to free his genitals from the waxing strips .
Eventually he had to rip himself  off the chair leaving behind hair and skin .
Prank came after he claimed Ms Petrinova's dog was in washing machine .
Wolves hopes of Championship promotion remain after defeat of Wigan .
Benik Afobe scored the winner after layching on to Bakary Sako's freekick .
The Latics had star player James McClean sent in injury time .
SEALS were at Joint Expeditionary Base Little CreekFort Story in Virginia .
They were found at bottom of the pool by another service member at 3pm .
Personnel use base's Combat Swimmer Training Facility for fitness training .
Sailor pronounced dead at hospital and other is listed in critical condition .
Michael Vaughan is the hot favourite to replace Paul Downton .
Vaughan  named on shortlist along with Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart .
The 2005 Ashes winning captain has held talks with Tom Harrison .
Customer witnessed dog being butchered at Lo Yen City restaurant .
It was killed to be served as a pork dish it has been alleged .
Police raided the restaurant and arrested five people including the owner .
Officials on the scene discovered a decapitated puppy in a rubbish bin .
Cressida Bonas says she is  happy being single after Prince Harry split .
Dancer and Mulberry’s new muse says: 'I’m a strong independent woman'
Just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest in London .
AmyBeth Ellice 17 from Essex started baking at three years old .
She published her first cookbook Amy's Baking Year at age 14 .
Teen chef held recent cupcake masterclass in Harrods .
Her second entertainingthemed book is set to come out in 2016 .
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a gravitydefying feat together .
The two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer Dai Aoki .
They have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks .
Millwall won their relegation sixpointer with 20 victory over Wigan .
Latics substitute Martyn Waghorn was sent off for senseless kick .
Nadjim Abdou scored the opening goal for the Lions on 74minutes .
Visitors were reduced to ninemen when James Pearson was sent off for fighting along with Millwall's Ed Upson .
Another substitute Magaye Gueye sealed victory with an injury time strike .
Ukip's Kim Rose laid out spread of sausage rolls and sandwiches at event .
Police are investigating Mr Rose for 'treating'  trying to influence voters .
Laughing off claims he said: 'Thank God they didn't find the Jaffa Cakes'
Nigel Farage backed his candidate branding investigation 'utter nonsense'
Swiss researchers carried out an experiment to make artificial 'ghosts'
The sensation was recreated by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers .
Mother Akon Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night .
She crashed 4WD into Melbourne lake just before 4pm on Wednesday .
Her three young children died and another is now recovering in hospital .
Children's father says Ms Guode 'didn't feel herself' as she was driving .
Ms Guode reunited with her daughter Aluel on Friday night .
Steven Mathieson 38 stabbed 23yearold escort Luciana Maurer 44 times .
As she lay dead on the floor he raped two other prostitutes at family home .
Crimes occurred while his partner was out and son was asleep in bedroom .
Mathieson who was high on cocaine at the time now faces life in prison .
Goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato dominated the scoring in Bradford .
Rovers twice came came from behind against the Championship side .
Hull KR blew out the scoreline with five tries in the final 18 minutes .
Dawn service at Anzac Cove begins as more than 10000 Australians and New Zealanders gather at formal ceremony .
Thousands attended the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landings .
Among those in attendance are Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and his New Zealand counterpart John Key .
Prince Charles and Prince Harry also sat alongside the prime ministers at the Gallipoli dawn service .
Mr Abbott said the troops became more than just soldiers as they were the 'founding heroes of modern Australia'
Flight 448 had just taken off Monday when the pilot heard banging from beneath .
LAbound plane was forced to return to Seattle for emergency landing .
Worker dialed 911 asking dispatcher to call someone and stop the plane .
He later emerged calm but was taken to hospital as a precaution .
Cargo hold was pressurized and temperature controlled so the man was not in danger .
Airbus are increasing their seats from 10 to 11 seats in every row .
The addition will see Airbus creating a fourth cheaper class called Choice .
The change is to be launched in 2017 on the Airbus 380 model .
Airbus state the move is to reflect 90 per cent of fliers using economy .
Thankfully seat widths will remain at  the standard 18 inches .
Matej Vydra opened the scoring with his fifth goal in seven matches .
Watford could not hold on after Marco Motta gave away a penalty .
He was shown a straight red card and Darren Bent scored the spot kick .
In the second half Tom Ince scored to complete Derby's comeback .
Watford weren't finished though and Odion Ighalo levelled at 22 .
More than a dozen Australians are reported missing following the quake .
Julie Bishop confirmed there are no reports of Australian deaths .
The Australian Government has committed $5 million in aid to help Nepal .
Families have launched a desperate search for information on social media .
Australian actor Hugh Sheridan has made a desperate plea for his brother .
Zachary Sheridan is missing after a huge earthquake rocked the country .
The powerful quake has caused massive damage in the capital Kathmandu .
Officials have confirmed about 100 New Zealanders in Nepal are safe .
More than 1800 were killed and warned the death toll likely to rise .
Tom Poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries .
He made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's preseason tour .
Margaret Bates is haunted by horrific murder of 17yearold KellyAnne .
Mumofthree says she can't read autopsy report which details 150 injuries .
Speaking for the first time after being left traumatised by death .
Teen's boyfriend James Smith 49 was jailed for life after 1996 murder .
Jury offered counselling after hearing of the youth's unimaginable ordeal .
Nick Clegg vows to protect entire education budget 'from cradle to college'
Spending would rise per pupil and also in line with inflation from 2018 .
Mr Clegg will claim the Liberal Democrats are now ‘the party of education’
Brian Nicol 32 from Glasgow dived into a pool but failed to resurface .
Frantic friends dragged him out of the water but he could not be revived .
Group were partying around pool after night out in Marbella says source .
Early investigations show death was a 'tragic accident' according to police .
Gloucester scored tries though Bill Meakes Tom Savage and Jonny May .
Exeter replied through a solitary Elvis Taione touchdown .
The Cherry and Whites will contest their first European title since 2006 .
FA Youth Cup final first leg between Man City and Chelsea is on Monday .
Chelsea are in their fifth final in six years and won in 2010 2012 and 2014 .
Man City last lifted the trophy back in 2008 after beating Chelsea 42 .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 21 on Monday night .
England boss Roy Hodgson and exRolling Stone Bill Wyman were there .
Chairman Steve Parish posts picture with them and Alan Pardew .
Pictures show Veronica Bolina face down on the ground in a Sao Paulo jail .
She had previously been arrested over alleged attack on elderly neighbour .
Reports claim 25yearold was then set upon by officers on three occasions .
Images appearing to show her ordeal have sparked outrage across Brazil .
Elizabeth Sedway posted to video to Facebook showing her removal from a plane .
She was forced off a flight in Hawaii and told she couldn't head home to California .
Alaska Airlines later apologized saying it could have handled the situation differently .
Julie McKenzie 53 from Bushy Herts had a nagging back pain .
Her GP assured her it as down to a mild curvature of the spine .
But she'd always been strong and active until the pain began in 2013 .
She used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon Robert Lee .
MRI scan revealed her coccyx contained a tumour .
Lloyd Dennis has been charged with 28 offences against two children .
The 32yearold has worked at a number of primary schools in Hampshire .
The reel of charges includes rape and sexual activity with a child .
She is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday replacing Eric Holder .
'Loretta’s confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe keep our nation secure and ensure that every American experiences justice under the law' said the president .
Lynch 55 was approved by a 5643 vote ten Republicans voted for Lynch including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell .
GOP presidential candidate Marco Rubio did not Ted Cruz tried to stop her nomination from moving forward and was missing during the final vote .
An invitation flying around Twitter shows Cruz has a fundraiser tonight at former Texas Rangers' owner and billionaire Tom Hicks' Dallas home .
Chris Gayle posted an Instagram photo behind the DJ decks on Tuesday .
Gayle is in India ahead of the IPL season with Royal Challengers Bangalore .
Royal Challengers Bangalore begin at Kolkata Knight Riders on Saturday .
CLICK HERE to read Sportsmail's IPL preview ahead of the tournament .
State department has banned Safer Hassan's license plate '370H55V'
It has been on his Lamborghini for three years without any problems .
Now Texas Department for Motor Vehicles have banned 'offensive' plates .
The group called Slide Christchurch took on New Zealand's Baldwin Street .
The  footage was captured by spectators and on a rider's helmet camera .
One of the riders believes the group reached speeds of more than 60mph .
Benik Afobe fired Wolves ahead on 46 minutes with a low rightfooted shot .
Bakary Sako doubled the visitors lead from the penalty spot on 72 minutes .
Dexter Blackstock scored a late consolation for the hosts in injury time .
Win moves Wolves on to 68 points with six games remaining .
Zeynab Daghastani 13 reportedly gunned down as she fled Yarmouk camp .
Teen trying to get to nearby Yalda district which is not under ISIS control .
Yarmouk on the outskirts of Damascus has been under siege since 2012 .
ISIS seized it ten days ago and have been butchering those trapped there .
Defence Minister Kevin Andrew was unable to name leader of Islamic State .
He cited 'operational reasons' as why he didn't say Abu Bakr alBaghdadi .
Earlier the Federal Government announced 330 troops would go to Iraq .
But Mr Andrew said they would not be engaging in combat on front lines .
More than 200 people queued up to get their hands on Aldi's spot prizes .
The company issued golden tickets to first 100 customers through doors .
It was to celebrate the launch of a new store in Avlaston Derbyshire .
Chinese teenager Li Haotong emerged to take the lead on 12 under par .
Overnight leader Kiradech Aphibarnrat two shots behind with two to play .
Aphibarnrat forced a playoff to take his second European Tout title .
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in 00 draw with Burnley .
It came after he played and scored for England for the first time .
Kane has hailed the spell as the 'best week of my life' in a brilliant season .
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino has not given up hope of topfour place .
But they are now seven points adrift of fourthplaced Manchester City .
Officials have said no evidence to support screening for Group B Strep .
Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'
But screening at Northwick Park NHS Hospital London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants .
Only recorded cases during the year affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested .
Erik Compton has had two heart transplants the last in 2008 .
Compton now on his third heart is ready to make his Augusta debut .
The 35yearold is also a campaigner for charity Donate Life .
His first Masters appearance coincides with Donate Life Month .
The 58yearold actress revealed her diagnosis in a statement on Tuesday .
She explained that doctors initially failed to find the cancer but that it was discovered after she sought out a second opinion .
She underwent surgery last week with Hanks by her side and she is expected to make a full recovery .
Wilson took medical from the Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month but is expected back on stage in May .
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba Melbourne .
The men filled a doona cover with $38000 worth of cigarettes .
However they failed to get the large loot in the boot .
They decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their stash .
The men are wanted for five similar breakins in the area .
Stephen A. Smith said Floyd Mayweather Jr's boxing career should be looked at as separate from his domestic violence history .
Mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence in the past .
Smith said that people are 'lumping all of this other stuff that Floyd Mayweather allegedly has done' which sheds a bad light on him .
Coanchor Cari Champion said she has 'an issue with how he treats women period outside the ring'
Smith said she holds that position because she's a woman and that as a boxing fan he looks at 'two dudes strictly in the boxing ring'
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion From the Postwar Years to the Present Day captures the rise of the country's fashion powerhouses .
Looks at designers such as Pucci in the 50s and Prada in the 90s .
Highlights key moments in fashion folklore including Liz Hurley wearing Versace's dress at the Four Weddings and a Funeral premiere in 1994 .
Book written by Enrico Quinto 51 and Paolo Tinarelli 49 .
Ralph Cramer 70 and his wife Lynn 59 were returning home from the Creekside Café at 9 p.m. on Sunday when the crash occured .
First responders arrived to find they had died from multiple traumatic injuries .
The vehicle started to skid at a slight left turn then went off the road and hit an embankment .
The vehicle was a restored 1923 Model T Ford with new elements .
A Melbourne based conservationist couple launched a crowdfunding page .
Within two days they received a $2 billion pledge which later disappeared .
The site cancelled the pledge because it was deemed suspicious .
The baffled couple still haven't tracked down the wouldbe benefactor .
A 12yearold boy found the world's largest European wasp nest ever found .
Jordan Waddingham made $20 from his mum for his startling discovery .
It measures at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres .
The nest was destroyed overnight when the wasps were dormant .
It took two days to remove the 90kilogram nest from the ground .
The nest is being displayed at the Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery .
SNP leader challenges Miliband to respond to her offer of help after May 7 .
Sturgeon says she will put Labour in power even if Tories win more seats .
Warns the clock is ticking on her offer to help Miliband get into No.10 .
Girl was playing with friend when Zbigniew Huminski forced her into car .
Chloe's naked body was found in nearby woods an hourandahalf later .
Prosecutors say there is evidence of 'strangulation and sexual violence'
Polish immigrant who was heading to England has admitted to killing .
Craig Dawson set to return to West Brom defence after serving ban .
But Youssouf Mulumbu starts threematch suspension .
Matthew Upson and Dean Hammond available for Leicester City .
Hammond has been sidelined since January but is back in training .
HRT increase risk of disease up to eight years after stopping treatment .
Applies to those taking combined HRT  oestrogen and progesterone .
Discovery made by scientists from one of largest ever studies into HRT .
But women taking oestrogenonly HRT may actually have a reduced risk .
Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire to spend time at United's Carrington HQ .
Tingey 18 became YouTube sensation after stunning 40yard free kick .
Wiltshire a central midfielder was involved in MK Dons' preseason squad .
United keen to bring in talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season's UEFA Under19 Youth League competition .
READ: What has Louis van Gaal changed since Man Utd sacked Moyes?
READ: Manchester United Gareth Bale to give his side needed dynamism .
Fox News Sunday host appeared on The Mike Gallagher Show on Friday .
Said momofone Clarkson 'could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'
Within minutes his response had sparked outrage among Internet users .
Now Wallace has apologized for comment which he dubbed 'offensive'
Says he should have discussed singer's 'remarkable talent'  not weight .
Clarkson who gave birth to her daughter River last July coincidentally discussed criticism about her weight with Ellen DeGeneres same day .
Usually eat vegetables from Spain and South America at this time of year .
But recent temperatures have led to English tomatoes sprouting early .
Strawberries and raspberries also on shelves already far earlier than usual .
Manchester United host bitter rivals City on Sunday afternoon .
It could be a derby without a single local player on either side .
Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini have both tried to immerse themselves in the local culture .
READ: Manchester United end 499day wait over Manchester City .
Vincent Kompany: Beating United at Old Trafford will help 'rectify' season .
Senior US District Judge Anita Brody approved deal on Wednesday .
Settlement includes allowing for monetary awards up to $5million per claimant for serious conditions connected to repeated head trauma .
NFL expects 6000 of nearly 20000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimers disease or moderate dementia someday .
Wednesday's settlement would pay them about $190000 on average .
About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually .
Niloofar Rahmani 23 is the first female pilot in the Afghani military since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 .
She and her family have been forced to move several times after receiving death threats from the Taliban .
Captain Rahmani has now been awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award .
Chancey Luna convicted of murder for gunning down Oklahoma college student as he jogged .
Police: Luna and his friends "were bored" so they decided to kill somebody .
Bundesliga top goalscorer Alexander Meier is out for the season .
The Eintracht Frankfurt striker requires knee surgery .
Meier has scored 19 league goals this season ahead of Bayern Munich duo Arjen Robben (17) and Robert Lewandowski (16)
But Robben is also injured which could mean Lewandowski securing the accolade for the second consecutive season .
Rubi Light has been confirmed as a definite runner for the Grand National .
Grade one winner had the option of running in the shorter Topham Chase .
Rubi Light schooled over some Aintreestyle fences on Saturday afternoon .
Hennessy's horse is one of eight Irishtrained horses targeting the race .
Stoll is a center who has played for the Kings since 2008 .
He is reportedly involved with sportscaster and "Dancing with the Stars" host Erin Andrews .
A bubbler at a Melbourne high school has been dispensing recycled water .
Students at St Peter's College in Melbourne may have been drinking treated sewage water for around 16 months .
The horrific discovery was made by maintenance during school holidays .
Investigation is under way by the Department of Health and Human Services .
Students were at risk of contracting gastro while drinking from the bubbler .
The other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and deemed safe .
Steve Bruce adamant that Hull will avoid relegation from Premier League .
Hull were beaten 20 by Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday .
Defeat leaves Hull in 17th just two points clear of the danger zone .
Bruce wanted 10 wins at the start of the season but Hull have just six .
Richard Lapointe a former dishwasher confessed to raping and stabbing 88yearold Bernice Martin at her Manchester apartment in 1989 .
He was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole .
Lapointe's supporters said evidence showed he could not have committed the crimes and his disability made him vulnerable to a false confession .
Last month a court ruled Lapointe was deprived of a fair trial and on Friday a judge ordered him to be freed on $25000 cash bail .
Cate McGregor is a Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force .
She spent 40 years in the army most of those under the name Malcolm .
In 2012 McGregor stopped 'functioning' as a man and lived as a woman .
She tried to resign from the office  when her transformation became public .
Her resignation was refused by former Chief of Army David Morrison .
McGregor believes Mr Abbott wasn't given the credit he deserved for publicly embracing her and risking a wedge within his own party .
She addressed the National Press Club on Wednesday as part of a women in media series .
Twenty years ago on April 19 1995 Timothy McVeigh set off a massive bomb in Oklahoma City .
Deborah Lauter and Mark Pitcavage: Rightwing extremism should still be taken seriously .
Most girls grow out of their yearning for tumbling tresses as adults .
But there is now a growing trend for middleaged women with long hair .
Supermodel Twiggy recently stood up for older women with longer locks .
Here some of Britain's reallife Rapunzels show off their lengthy tresses .
Researchers chose 120 passages from across all  seven Harry Potter books .
These passages were read by participants while in an fMRI scanner .
Each was rated on how negative or positive and how arousing they were .
Scans revealed passages rated high for arousal activated parts of the brain associated with emotion including the left amygdala .
Sherry Arnold a 44yearold math teacher from Sidney Montana was on a morning jog on January 7 2012 when she was abducted .
Michael Keith Spell 25 of parachute Colorado confessed at the time to pulling her into a car while his friend Lester Van Walters Jr strangled her .
Arnold was then buried 50 miles away near Williston North Dakota .
Defense experts said Spell did not understand the case against and was mentally unfit to stand trail .
Prosecutors agreed he was mentally ill but said he could stand trial recommending 100 years prison .
Officers suspended by Chief Greg Suhr with recommendation for firing .
Texts targeted blacks Mexicans Filipinos gay men and women .
'It's not against  law to put an animal down' one said of black house guest .
Those facing termination include a captain and a sergeant .
Man with captain's name was promoted after  alleged homophobic incident where gay man says officers said he had 'AIDSinfected pee'
Real Madrid drew 00 with Atletico in the Champions League on Tuesday .
Players that didn't start the clash returned to training on Wednesday .
There was no sign of Cristiano Ronaldo and the rest of Tuesday's starters .
Real return to La Liga action against Malaga at the Bernabeu on Saturday .
Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the deadly tornado in Illinois on Thursday .
Schultz's dog Missy went missing for two days but luckily was found two days later unharmed .
Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her loved ones once she was found until they could catch up with her .
Gemma Collins 34 launched several additions to her Evans range today .
The star paid a nod to the summery weather in a floral dress .
New additions to collection include a lacy LBD and a set of floral kimonos .
Spencer Bell 71 ventured onto M1 motorway after man fell from a bridge .
But as he tended the victim he was struck by car driven by Iram Shahzad .
She had tried to avoid queue of traffic by veering into outside lane at speeds of up to 88mph .
Mrs Shahzad 32 pleaded guilty to causing Mr Bell's death and received a suspended sentence .
Bradley Wiggins finished 18th in the ParisRoubaix .
Wiggins is set to leave Team Sky to ride in his own squad called 'Wiggins'
Race almost had dramatic incident when riders narrowly missed a train .
Everton defeated 10men Burnley 10 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park .
Tom Heaton saved a penalty from Ross Barkley after Aaron Lennon was fouled in the area .
Kevin Mirallas scored the Toffees' winner with a drilled shot after initially miskicking the ball .
Clarets forward Ashley Barnes was sent off for a second bookable offence on the stroke of halftime .
Mirallas was fortunate to escape being dismissed for a high challenge on George Boyd .
Serie A giants Inter Milan are stepping up their efforts to sign Yaya Toure .
Roberto Mancini is keen on working with the midfielder once again .
Manchester City will offer Toure new deal at the end of the season .
Toure scored in Manchester City's 21 defeat at Selhurst Park .
READ: Toure accused by Carragher of ducking out of the way of Puncheon's freekick .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Scientists at University College London took MRI scans of comedians barristers and radio hosts while they talked non stop for 30 seconds .
They had lower activity in key language centre of the brain than students .
It suggests 'super speakers' require less effort to talk than other people .
Company behind Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge is being chased by tax office for an unpaid $300000 tax debt .
Debts include income and tax a fine and $295955 worth of interest .
Face of the company is online fitness and diet queen Ashy Bines .
Ms Bines and husband Steven Evans sold their shares in company .
Mr Evans is currently being sued by rival fitness guru Emily Anderson .
The car crashed when a left rear tire tread separated on the Florida Turnpike on Saturday .
The crash took place at about 4:45 p.m .
Uriel Miranda 38 who was in the car with his wife and seven children as well as his three brothers died at the scene .
His daughter Yaretsi Miranda 2 died along with Yordi Miranda 8 .
Troopers say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka .
Police report indicated half of them weren't wearing seat belts .
Khayree Gay 31 was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City South Carolina .
Gay is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia .
The woman 53 was abducted in a van from a parking garage and then beaten Tasered and threatened with death .
She was left handcuffed in a Pennsylvania cemetery following abduction .
Sonia PereiroMendez says she was treated unfairly after getting pregnant .
Motheroftwo claims she missed out on bonuses worth millions .
Senior banker says she was told she wasn't 'a significant longterm player'
She is suing Goldman Sachs for sexism and maternity discrimination .
Michael Bisping targets impressive win when he returns to the Octagon .
Bisping will look to get back into the title hunt with a win over CB Dolloway .
The 36yearold Brit last fought in the UK almost five years ago .
An earlier version of this article wrongly referred to Erith and Thamesmead's Conservative parliamentary candidate Mrs Anna Firth posting pictures of litter in Bromley to shame her political opponent. We are happy to clarify that the photos were in fact taken in Conservativecontrolled Bexley and there was no intention to imply that Mrs Firth was unaware of the constituency boundaries.
Instinct to avoid arachnids developed as evolutionary response to threat .
Scientists say it could mean arachnophobia represents survival instinct .
Could date back to early human evolution in Africa where spiders with very strong venom existed millions of years ago .
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead from close range after six minutes .
Mick McCarthy's side had the lead at the halftime interval .
Kenwyne Jones equalised with a header on his Bournemouth debut .
In total six tigers a bear a lion a cougar a black leopard and a liger (part lion part tiger) were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm .
State officials found he didn't have the right permit and cages were 'unsafe'
But now the 72yearold is fighting to overturn the seizure backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat .
'He's lost without them' said Josh Large who lives four houses away .
Kiwi jihadi Mark Taylor posted a video inciting terror attacks on Anzac Day .
Australian and New Zealand authorities have increased security measures .
He told IS followers to 'stab' police officers or soldiers at Anzac services .
'Now is the time to commence your operations even if it means you have to stab a few police officers soldiers on Anzac Day and so be it.'
NZ Police Commissioner 'satisfied' appropriate measures are in place .
College judicial committee found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of suspension for alcohol violations .
The 46yearold fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision .
Alpha Delta attorney previously said small group of members voluntarily chose to get brands .
The Tham Khoun Ex cave has 15km of spectacular caves waiting to be explore by kayak .
Explorers can witness the incredible caverns lake and even the vibrant forest at the entrance .
Cave photographer John Spies captured the labyrinthine chambers to unfold the mystery .
Ulysses Beaudoin 39 of Texas allegedly shot his son Ulysses Nelson twice in the back .
Officials say he then threatened his 18yearold son with 9mm handgun .
Beaudoin and his girlfriend fled from the scene but were tracked down .
The father was seen weeping and muttering My baby' as he was being handcuffed .
Harry Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals for Tottenham this season .
In a superb breakthrough year Kane also scored on senior England debut .
Spurs striker beat off competition from David de Gea and Raheem Sterling .
Chelsea playmaker Eden Hazard was crowned PFA Player of the Year .
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard share PFA merit award .
The PFA Awards ceremony were held in London on Sunday evening .
Damon Albarn said modern day popstars are just singing 'platitudes'
He called for performers to use music to comment about current issues .
Albarn spoke as Blur prepared to release first full length album in 10 years .
Comments likely to be picked up by people critical of modern day stars such as Taylor Swift and Sam Smith known for music about relationships .
Manchester United midfielder admits he is 'hooked' on Formula One .
Michael Carrick says he'd 'love to have a go' at the sport professionally .
But Carrick is convinced he still has years left in football .
Her husband admits the pair had been arguing minutes before the accident .
She came to the driver's door while her husband drove away and she fell .
Police say they believe the husband's story and have not charged him .
Doctors were able to deliver her 36weekold baby  in Houston Texas .
The pregnant woman who has not been named died later in hospital .
Luke Shambrook 11 was found after he went missing on Good Friday .
The autistic boy was reunited with his rescuers in a Melbourne hospital .
Some members of his search and rescue team visited him on Wednesday .
Doctors are amazed at how well he is doing considering his fourday ordeal .
The boy was suffering from dehydration hypothermia and exhaustion .
Luke went missing in Lake Eildon National Park  northeast of Melbourne .
Jake Tapper will add the Sunday show "State of the Union" to his portfolio at CNN .
Tapper also anchors "The Lead" on weekdays .
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side .
Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby also played at the Emirates against Stoke .
Wilshere has been recovering from a serious ankle injury .
Researchers ran a 10Hertz current through brains of 20 volunteers .
They wanted to stimulate alpha wave oscillations linked to creativity .
These oscillations are thought to be impaired in people with depression .
Team are now hoping to use the technique to treat depressed people .
Andrew Sadek 20 was working for a narcotics task force after being caught dealing small amounts of marijuana according to a report .
He went missing in May 2014 and then turned up dead under suspicious circumstances in June .
His death raises questions about the use of young lowlevel drug offenders as confidential informants .
Officials wonder if these people should be given more detailed information about the dangers of working as informants .
Alan Pardew believes highprofile signing will send out statement of intent .
The Crystal Palace manager is keen on bringing the club to next level .
Pardew has warned potential suitors off of star winger Yannick Bolasie .
Caretakers of Lincoln's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering magazine critique and looming budget cuts .
The site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency which manages the tomb .
Rauner would roll the agency into another department .
Lincoln's tomb was designed by Vermont sculptor Larkin Mead who won a national contest .
It was dedicated by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1874 .
The tomb was reconstructed in both 1899 and 1930 .
Manchester United travel to the USA's west coast for the preseason tour .
Louis van Gaal was unhappy with last year's arrangements in America .
The Dutch manager has organised the preseason plans to his liking .
He will face his former club Barcelona in California during the tour .
Van Gaal was Barca boss between 1997 and 2000 and won La Liga twice .
He left in controversial circumstances after an icy relationship with  media .
READ: Real Madrid confident David de Gea is set for Spain .
Youths took boy to an isolated place in Padma Nagar India and raped him .
When he resisted they set him on fire leaving him with 30 per cent burns .
He is now being treated at the Thane Civil hospital about 30 minutes away .
A young man has died after he was stabbed during a violent brawl .
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at a Central Coast hotel on Sunday night .
The 28yearold was stabbed and killed outside a late night pizza store .
His 25yearold friend was also attacked when he tried to help Mr Gibbons .
He remains in a serious condition and is expected to undergo surgery .
The offender fled the scene and police haven't found a weapon .
Investigations are continuing and police are appealing for any witnesses .
Bali Nine ringleader Andrew Chan has married fiance Febyanti Herewila .
The pair wed at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday .
Chan proposed to Febyanti in February while he was still at Kerobokan .
He and Myuran Sukumaran are set to be executed on Wednesday morning .
Raheem Sterling fails to impose himself as Arsenal beat Liverpool 41 .
He won the penalty that Jordan Henderson scored for Liverpool .
Sterling spoke out about his contract situation at Liverpool in the week .
Scottish First Minister talked up chances of being the kingmaker .
Mr Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists .
A votebyvote arrangement between Labour and SNP remains on the table .
But Ms Sturgeon said: 'He won't get his Budget unless he compromises'
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium has been declared a sellout .
Gareth Bale and Co currently top the Group B table on goal difference .
Belgium and Wales both on 11 points ahead of clash .
Former journalist Amanda Goff has spoken out about her life as an escort .
In a tell all book the mother of two revealed the abuse she was faced with .
She told the world about her Xrated career on national television .
Since then she's received a combination of hate and kindness from mothers people in the sex industry and those  aspiring to be sex workers .
Ms Goff charges clients $800 an hour or $5000 a night for her time .
Lewis Hamilton features on front cover of the May issue of Men's Health .
Formula One champion opens up about the meaning behind his tattoos .
Hamilton discusses faith and the physical demands of being an F1 driver .
Hamilton: Ferrari? Don't be silly... I am staying with Mercedes .
CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of Formula One .
Netanyahu says third option is "standing firm" to get a better deal .
Political sparring continues in U.S. over the deal with Iran .
Study from Commerce Department says US was worth $26trillion in 2006 .
DC and New Jersey worth the most per acre with Wyoming the least .
Fortyseven per cent of the US is farmland only 5.8 per cent developed .
Cetaphil is found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat skin conditions .
Cleanser is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients .
Celebrity fans include Amanda Holden Charlize Theron and Olivia Wilde .
Huge inflatable nicknamed Ba Di has been placed at a commercial complex .
Doll features a slide ball pit and a sex education area for children to visit .
Inflatable woman is entered through the right heel and exited via the left .
Tony Toutouni has amassed 750000 followers on photosharing site in eight months thanks to outrageous posts .
LAbased entrepreneur is endlessly surrounded by supercars piles of cash and bikiniclad women in pictures .
He's friends with controversial Instagram playboy Dan Bilzerian and says 'it's not hard to get any girl you want'
Marvel Studios releases first looks at Paul Bettany as the Vision in "Avengers: Age of Ultron" and Charlie Cox in full "Daredevil" costume .
Jamie Bell's character of The Thing was also unveiled for 20th Century Fox's Marvelbased reboot of "Fantastic Four"
Bryan Singer unveiled the first look at "XMen: Apocalypse" Angel played by Ben Hardy .
Leo Grand was offered a deal: either $100 or lessons in coding from Patrick McConlogue who passed him on the street every day .
After daily coding lessons Grand launched carpooling app Trees for Cars .
Grand said he made $15000 from the app which is no longer in stores because he does not want to pay for the server space .
He said he hasn't found the time to code every day anymore .
Grand insists he likes living outdoors but said he should have come up with an idea that made more money .
Victoria McKennon 17 is student at Plano Senior High School in Texas .
Is desperate to take part in school's graduation ceremony in Dallas in June .
But officials won't let her unless she makes up work she has had to miss .
This may not happen as she struggles with her lifethreatening condition .
Delta said 'a small number of customers' on Flight 271 from Paris to Newark complained of nausea and possible minor injuries .
Two people taken to Massachusetts General Hospital  after unscheduled landing at Logan Airport in Boston .
Extreme turbulence prevented the plane from landing at Newark and then JFK before pilot headed to Logan .
Hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof .
Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor de Blasio and his family who will remain in the home during the renovation .
Work will take place at same time as replacement of the mansion 30yearold roof .
Both jobs should be completed by October or November .
Luke Lazarus was convicted of raping an 18yearold at SOHO nightclub .
The 23yearold Sydney man was sentenced to a minimum of three years .
He then bragged about it to a mate via a text message next day after attack .
Lazarus' lawyers are now appealing his conviction .
This comes as Waverley Mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for him .
Liberal mayor asked for him not to receive a custodial sentence .
Says she is trying to 'close loophole' of 'risky behaviour' in young women .
ISIS has released yet another bloodthirsty propaganda video .
The chilling video states there is 'no safety for any American on the globe'
It features footage of the Twin Tower attacks and threatens another 9/11 .
Footage of beheadings burnings and other atrocities is broadcast .
The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1 1964 and September 18 1996 last month .
LaSonya MitchellClark 38 searched her biological mother's name on Facebook after receiving her birth records in the mail .
Her mother Francine Simmons had given birth at 15 years old and had to give MitchellClark up for adoption .
The pair said they always wanted to find one another but didn't know how .
MitchellClark's adoptive parents have been very supportive of her search .
The posters feature a portrait of Clinton with phrases including 'Don't Say Ambitious' and 'Don't Say Entitled'
Street art appears to be a dig at Clinton supporters who said words like 'entitled' and 'secretive' which are used to describe her are sexist .
On Sunday antiHillary Clinton users shared on Twitter reasons why they will not vote for her using the hashtag that began trending online .
Juan Mata scored both times as Manchester United beat Liverpool 21 .
He also impressed as United emphatically beat Tottenham 30 at home .
Mata thanked his fans after becoming United's player of the month .
Manchester United are missing four players in key positions ahead of the crucial Premier League game with title rivals Chelsea at Stamford Bridge .
Daley Blind Michael Carrick Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out injured .
Wayne Rooney could be dropped deeper into midfield to compensate .
The decision to play Rooney in midfield has been an unpopular one before .
Lauren Perry 25 gave birth to her twins 10 weeks early at just 30 weeks .
Mason and Chloe were in intensive care for two months after their birth .
Ms Perry's son had a colostomy bag put in when he was just one day old .
When Mason later underwent surgery to have it taken out he got sick .
Newborn had contracted a flesheating virus which almost claimed his life .
Parents would have lost him if he had been left untreated for another hour .
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving home in Naracoorte at 12pm on Sunday .
The German tourist was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast .
The car was found abandoned on side of road in centre of  Mount Gambier .
The 25yearold contacted authorities to say she was safe and well almost 24 hours later .
CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Wednesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer .
Schieffer is a former newspaper reporter at the Fort Worth StarTelegram .
He joined  CBS News in 1969 and has been the network's chief Washington correspondent since 1992 .
He began at the political affairs show 'Face the Nation' in 1991 asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang .
Covered the assassination of JFK and 11 presidential campaigns  dating back to Richard Nixon .
The presenter said disabled people should not be portrayed as victims .
70yearold also claimed fears of Islamophobia were victimising Muslims .
Does not believe any politician is currently equipped to be prime minister .
Paul Ceglia on the run from criminal charges he falsely claimed ownership .
His family accused Facebook and prosecutors of conspiring against him .
Judge said Mark Zuckerberg has two days to hand over all relevant emails .
The order ignores Zuckerberg's request to wait until Ceglia is found .
Sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana five and Anisha three and brother Harsh 18 months live in India .
They are among world's heaviest young children  weighing 5st 5lbs 7st 8lbs and 2st 5lbs respectively .
Food eaten by three siblings  who have sister of average weight  in a week would feed two families in a month .
Father Rameshbhai Nandwana is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists .
Zodiac Aerospace revealed new designs for cabin crew quarters based on feedback from airline workers .
The luxury concept aims to maximise space comfort and privacy with a bunk bed system .
Each bunk has a personal entertainment and airconditioning system and lieflat area .
Areas are hidden away from passengers behind concealed doors on the lower deck .
Kate Winslet wears size nine shoes and her Titanic costar Leonardo DiCaprio found the size of her shoes hilarious .
Scarlett Johansson Gwyneth Paltrow Sandra Bullock Angelina Jolie and Cate Blanchett all have huge feet .
Jerry Hall Elle Macpherson Katie Holmes and Uma Thurman also have feet bigger the average UK shoe size .
Lib Dem leader makes a promise to take 'politics out of the classroom'
In last government Lib Dems ran Business Energy and Scotland .
But Clegg reveals plan to demand control of major public policy area .
Accuses Tory minister Michael Gove of imposing 'ideological gimmicks'
Lib Dem leader's wife says party's MPs have suffered 'great personal cost'
Joined minister Lynne Featherstone for campaigning in North London .
100 miles away in Chippenham Nick said: 'Miriam just wanted to do her bit'
Neighbourhood Watch treasurer has been handed threeyear restraining order banning him from contacting neighbours following row over gate .
Paul Phillips said John and Karen Copleston moved gate on to his land .
But they claim he harassed them over the dispute which ended up in court .
Case against Mr Phillips was dismissed but restraining order was imposed .
Lucas holds record of playing more Liverpool games without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years .
Liverpool face Aston Villa in FA Cup semifinal at Wembley on Sunday .
FA Cup final next month could be Steven Gerrard's last Liverpool game .
Boy George posted video of Robbie Keane singing on Facebook .
LA Galaxy's Keane was belting out his version of Karma Chameleon .
While enthusiastic he doesn't appear to know the words to the song .
Homes such as these in China are known as 'nail houses' because they are difficult to remove like a stubborn nail .
One house in Wenling Zhejiang province had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move .
Another image shows a house sitting alone in a crater at the centre of a construction site in Chongqing Municipality .
Glenna Kohl was a Rhode Island college student in 2005 when she was diagnosed with stage III melanoma .
Kohl had been a devotee to both indoor and outdoor tanning since she was a high school student and life guard in Massachusetts .
Three years after her shocking diagnosis Kohl died. Now her family is on a mission to educate young people about the dangers of tanning .
Yobs had 'already  drunk a lot' when they boarded early morning flight .
They sung swore and shouted throughout flight from Glasgow to Alicante .
Other passengers were jostled as they tried to calm shirtless rowdy men .
One man was escorted from the plane by Spanish police upon arrival .
David Nicholson 48 has resigned as head of Basingstoke school .
Allegedly used school email to organise a threesome with escorts .
Escort said she enjoyed dressing in uniform which he was 'keen' on .
Fatheroffour said he was 'looking forward to putting you over my knee'
Holland America says two passengers died in an apparent murdersuicide .
"The cabin was immediately secured and the authorities were notified" cruise line says .
The FBI is investigating the deaths the ship is in San Juan Puerto Rico .
Gerardo Martino's team beat their South American rivals in New Jersey .
Manchester City's Sergio Aguero opened scoring in the firsthalf .
Ecuador capitalised on a mistake allowing Miller Bolanos to equalise .
But Javier Pastore scored to settle the friendly in the 58th minute .
Lionel Messi did not feature as he nurses a foot injury .
ONE Pro Cycling preparing to take on Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins .
Tour de Yorkshire runs over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .
Prior's team and Yorkshire race inspired by Tour de France Grand Depart .
Milinda Gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in Chile .
He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip .
The 32yearold downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets before flight .
Qantas flight was taxiing to the runway when the alleged incident occurred .
Afterwards he suffered ‘probably the worst hangover of his life’ in the cells .
Mr Gunasekera will fly back to New Zealand to be sentenced in June .
Malky Mackay had only been in charge since November .
Under Mackay Wigan have picked up just 19 points in 24 games .
Wigan are eight points from safety with five games to play .
Sebastian Vettel gave Ferrari victory at the Malaysian Grand Prix .
Mercedes will remain calm and not panic says chief Toto Wolff .
Lewis Hamilton heads to Chinese Grand Prix as reigning champion .
Head of The Geelong College was photographed watching porn at work .
An investigation was launched after the photo was shared on Snapchat .
Andrew Barr has resigned from his position as principal .
The college council have called his actions 'a breach of our standards'
The three eightweek old puppies were found inside the box on April 18 .
A woman saw the box left outside of a Tennessee Goodwill donation site moving and approached it finding the dogs .
The Labradors were taken to McKamey Animal Center for treatment which said the animals have worms and are malnourished .
It also said it is likely dogs have been neglected over an extended period of time due to their poor condition .
Since beginning treatment they have been flourishing and will be put up for adoption once treatment is complete .
Facebook deemed the ABC1 trailer to contain 'potentially offensive nudity'
The video had 30000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday .
Two elderly Aboriginal women painted in ochre are seen in the advert .
The makers of the new comedy TV series 8MMM Aboriginal Radio based around an Alice Springs radio station called the move 'bewildering'
US citizen Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston Texas on Friday .
Detained in November 2007 on charges of 'illegally procuring state secrets'
Convicted in 2010 of illegally gathering information on China's oil industry .
50yearold doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence .
President Obama personally lobbied for release during 2009 Beijing visit .
A student expelled from George Mason University for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name .
The man is arguing an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing not sexual assault .
The sexual misconduct allegations stem from an October 2013 encounter with the couple in the male student's dorm room on the Fairfax campus .
At one point according to the lawsuit she pushed him away but didn't invoke her safe word .
Later that night the two engaged in a second sex act in which the male student asked her if she was interested and she replied 'I don't know'
The lawsuit claims the woman only filed a complaint months later after the couple broke up and she had found out the man was cheating on her .
Top judge said Australian commercial surrogacy needs to be legalised .
Justice Diana Bryant said current surrogacy laws need to be scrutinised .
She believes it will stop abandonment cases like that of baby Gammy .
It means it can be done on ethical terms and avoid legal complications .
French stylist Nathalie Croquet stepped in front of the lens for pic project .
She recreated spoof ads for brands such as Givenchy Lancome & Lanvin .
The series of 11 pictures were shot by photographer Daniel Schweizer .
Ronald Koeman took over Southampton last summer after Mauricio Pochettino left for Tottenham .
Koeman has praised his predecessor for the 'great job' he did on the south coast although had to cope with a mass exodus of players when he arrived .
The Dutchman has actually managed to improve things Southampton and the club find themselves just one point and one league place behind Spurs now .
Both sides have ambitions of qualifying for European competition next term .
National Union of Teachers discuss Government strategies on extremism .
Say it has 'shut down debate' in the classroom on sensitive issues .
Claim pupils feel censored and unable to express controversial views .
Teachers also feel pressured to report youngsters for giving honest opinons .
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson to a tennis game .
Bush 90 lives in the Houston Area with his wife Barbara and has attended many ATP fundraisers and charity events throughout the years .
Back in December Bush who suffers from Parkinson's was hospitalized for shortness of breath for about a week .
The 33yearold made the announcement on Monday morning's show .
Jenna and Henry who married in May 2008 welcomed their first daughter Mila in April 2012 .
Incredible pictures show a city in China devoured by a giant sandstorm .
Golmud in the country's north west was yesterday blasted for half an hour .
The entire city turned red as it was covered by the brightlycoloured sand .
As residents fled the streets the city took on a Marstype appearance .
Astrophysicist Amy Mainzer says she was was touched by Malala's story of determination .
Mainzer also works on educating children about science .
Raheem Sterling has stalled over signing a new contract with Liverpool .
Michael Owen says any viable move for winger would be a sideways one .
Owen left Liverpool for Real Madrid in a £16.8million move in 2004 .
He says Sterling does not owe his career to the Anfield club .
Washington DC company United Space Structures wants to create a new space station .
It rotates four times a minute to create artificial gravity  with the 'stem' and 'dome spinning in opposite directions .
It would be 1300ft (400 metres) long cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build .
‘We believe artificial gravity is required to support long term living in space’ Bill Kemp from USS told MailOnline .
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach California police officer .
Officer allegedly thought the 19yearold was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident .
His mother heard shots and ran to scene then she saw her son in an ambulance .
Harley Renshaw has been given the all clear after battling cancer for a year .
Disease was in his kidney and has spread to bones neck and left lung .
He underwent months of gruelling chemotherapy and radiotherapy .
Made himself a superhero outfit to help him feel brave during treatment .
Autistic teenager Kimberly Greenberg went missing more than a week ago .
The 15yearold left her LA home to go for a walk and never returned .
Her mother Janice has now made a desperate plea for help finding her .
She is said to be very trusting and has the mental capacity of an 8yearold .
100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on Celebrity Infinity .
The ship which is based on the West Coast left San Diego in late March .
The CDC is scheduled to board the ship Monday .
Megan Huntsman 40 pleaded guilty to the six murders in February .
Police said children born between 1996 and 2006 were alive just minutes .
She would strangle newborns with her thumbs and hide them in garage .
Two of her old daughters spoke up for their mom in letters read in court .
Huntsman from Pleasant Grove Utah was sentenced for her crimes today .
Given six sentences of five years to life three of which are consecutive .
Means she will spend at least 15 years behind bars and likely much longer .
Oskar Groening accused of complicity in the murder of 300000 Jews .
Eva PusztaiFahidi says just seeing him in court is 'a kind of satisfaction'
Another survivor angered fellow plaintiffs by saying he shouldn't be on trial .
Eva Mozes Kor 81 publicly embraced Oskar Groening in act of forgiveness .
Police said the circumstances of the disappearances of Hannah Wilson and Lauren Spierer are 'eerily similar'
Spierer 20 went missing in 2011 after a night partying with friends her body has never been found and no criminal charges have been filed .
Wilson's body was found on rural land about 10 miles away last Friday and it is believed she died of blunt force trauma .
Daniel Messel 49 has been arrested in her death 'after a cellphone at her feet was traced back to him and he had blood inside his car'
Willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes .
Study was by Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University .
More than 13000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research .
but there is no specific gene for how much children enjoy learning .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial for his alleged role in the Boston Marathon bombings .
Tsarnaev's sister Ailina was in court in December related to aggravated harassment charges .
Tsarnaev's mother is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property .
Vladimir Putin gave the goahead  to supply the S300 missile equipment .
Moscow blocked deliveries to Iran in 2010 after the UN imposed sanctions .
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke gave evidence at a corporate tax inquiry today .
Mr Clarke engaged in a fiery sparring match with Greens leader Christine Milne .
Ms Milne expressed a dim view of The Australian newspaper which is published by News Corp Australia .
'You're a minority' Mr Clarke argued .
'Not according to sales' Ms Milne responded .
Executives from Google Microsoft and Apple also appeared at the hearing in Sydney .
Alan Pardew left Newcastle to take over as Crystal Palace manager .
There have been rumours linking him with Magpies keeper Tim Krul .
Pardew is disappointed that reports emerged suggesting the move .
He says there has been no contact between him and the club or the player .
A magnitude7.8 earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday .
Colin Stark: We knew this disaster would come .
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championship in Sheffield .
The Manchester United winger cheered on Shaun Murphy in last eight .
Murphy beat Anthony McGill to reach the semi finals at the Crucible .
V. Stiviano must pay back $2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling .
Sterling's wife claimed the exClippers used the couple's money for the gifts .
The items included a Ferrari two Bentleys and a Range Rover .
DJ and model Munroe Bergdorf 27 from east London was born a boy .
Living as a woman from 18 and started taking hormones four years ago .
Now speaks out to raise awareness of the issues of being transgender .
Arsene Wenger will have chat with Theo Walcott ahead of Arsenal clash .
Walcott was substituted after 55 minutes of England's draw with Italy .
Arsenal boss is Wenger is concerned by the winger's confidence .
The Gunners take on Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday .
Princess Beatrice spent last night partying in London's hip Shoreditch .
Spent the evening at Shoreditch House with boyfriend Dave Clark 31 .
The 26yearold made her exit from the private members' club at 2am .
Police say baby had breathing problems and died yesterday afternoon .
Her father 25 and her mother 22 arrested in Perry Barr Birmingham .
Joel Burger and Ashley King have been engaged since October .
Their engagement photo with a Burger King sign attracted and the company offered to pay for their wedding .
Marc Wabafiyebazu 15 has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean 17 was shot dead on Monday .
This after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers .
Their mother is Roxanne Dubé the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami .
The boys had driven to a house with a third friend to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5000 .
Gunfire erupted soon after they entered though Marc was in the car at the time .
Another man Joshua Wright was killed and Anthony Rodriguez who was wounded was also arrested on charges of felony murder .
The RHS has warned about the 'grey sprawl' with front gardens paved over .
Around 7million grassy front gardens have been replaced with paving .
RHS is calling on people to plant trees shrubs and climbers to go green .
Claims seeing a green front garden boosts mood for 95 per cent of people .
"Twin Peaks" creator David Lynch announced he was departing the Showtime revival of the cult series Sunday .
Cast members of the show posted a YouTube video Wednesday pleading for him to return .
Wednesday was the series' 25th anniversary .
Cristy Collins worked for the Tasmanian Ambulance Service in Launceston .
She used to drive the ambulance and treat patients while high on  ice .
30yearold who is now clean was never offered support by hospital staff .
Post traumatic stress disorder from her service in Iraq and borderline personality disorder both fuelled her drug addiction .
Ms Collins has shared her story in an effort to raise awareness of the damaging drug and the lack of support available for addicts seeking help .
Fabian Orellana was angered by Sergio Busquets' timewasting tactics .
Celta Vigo striker threw lump of turf towards the Barcelona star .
Barcelona needed a Jeremy Mathieu header to earn 10 win .
A Lithuanian talk show has accused Norway of seizing foreign children .
Claimed they were needed to combat 'world's highest rate of inbreeding'
An 'expert' said fresh blood was needed to strengthen genetic material'
Lithuanian Gražina Leščinskiene's son was  taken into care early this year .
1500 people are attending the touching ceremony at Cologne cathedral .
Among them are 500 relatives of those who died in Germanwings crash .
The doomed plane was 'deliberately' crashed by its 'depressed' copilot .
Cardinal Woelki has urged compassion for all victims including Lubitz .
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion – Spain’s economy having taken off .
It was closed just three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties .
The airport was designed to cater for Spain's booming economy to serve both city and coast via high speed rail link .
President Obama kicked off festivities for annual event Monday morning .
Mrs Obama joined So You Think You Can Dance All Stars for routine .
White House expected 35000 to attend the annual tradition .
The Easter egg roll dates back to 1878 during Rutherford B Hayes' administration .
The presidential hopeful held a town hall meeting in Kenilworth on Tuesday .
During the meeting high school English teacher Kathy Mooney got up to ask the governor a question about pensions .
She asked why he didn't seek a higher legal settlement in a case with ExxonMobil that would have contributed to the state's pension system .
Christie responded by repeatedly asking how much Mooney knew about the deal instead of answering her question .
New Yorkbased writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to share their tips on finding  and keeping  a partner .
Michael Phelps was suspended by USA swimming following arrest .
American is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series .
Phelps' rival Ryan Lochte has entered into the same five events .
Aiko Chihira will only speak Japanese  but is capable of sign language .
Created to appear talk and move as humanly as possible .
Will offer guidance to customers with information about store .
Tinside Lido in Plymouth boasts fountains and views of the Isle of Wight .
The beautiful Llyn y Fan Fach in Wales is haunted by a 'Lade of the Lake'
Nantwich has the last inland brine pool  in the country for aches and pains .
For a decade the New South China Mall has lain empty .
It was labeled a "ghost mall"  symbol of China's runaway speculation on real estate .
However a recent visit showed it may be springing back to life .
Female student who has not been identified pictured in Snapchat photo .
Detailed 'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on board using a red marker pen .
Reasons included 'ratchets' and 'parking' but top of the list was 'n*****s'
Student formerly of Kappa Delta Chapter sorority has been suspended .
Also facing university code of conduct investigation into the incident .
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania made the finding .
They spotted Xray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs .
These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel .
But why thousands of these stars are there remains a mystery .
Walter Smith spent two spells in charge at Ibrox as manager of Rangers .
Stuart McCall was appointed Rangers manager in March until the summer .
Rangers are currently fifth in the Scottish Championship .
Smith hails McCall impact and opens up about Ally McCoist's departure .
Grey hair has gone glam with social media awash with images .
Users posting images under the hashtag #grannyhair .
Models are sporting grey hair on professional beauty shoots .
Other Instagrammers are posting selfies in front of the bathroom mirror .
Stars including Kelly Osborne Nicole Richie and Lady Gaga and Rihanna have helped the trend gain traction .
Steam engines draw crowds at the world's busiest heritage railway as North Yorkshire Moors begins its spring gala .
Train enthusiasts will ride aboard seven trains between Pickering and Whitby over the course of the three day event .
Teams of firemen fitters and cleaners prepared the steam engines this morning ahead of the family favourite gala .
Lu Xincai says no one else can look after his 84yearold mother .
She used to get lost after dark when she went to collect firewood .
Now she goes with him to work on the backseat of his motorbike .
He ties her to him with a sash to make sure she does not fall off .
She's now been given her own room at the bank where he works .
Most of the victims were children according to reports .
Condolence messages appear online with images of boys in soccer uniforms .
The bus collided with a fuel tanker near the southern Moroccan city of TanTan .
She claims a California judge deported her children illegally in 2012 .
California court ruled Rutherford's exhusband Daniel Giersch could take the children to live in France and spend vacations with in the US .
Her petition to custody battle was dismissed in court last August .
But in one final attempt she put in another appeal which was dismissed .
Court order states that it did'nt have jurisdiction to force kids to live in US .
The permanent dismissal says that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in custody case .
Paul Downton became the latest casualty of England's poor performances .
His exit came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting into his future .
He endured a traumatic time after replacing Hugh Morris after the Ashes .
Downton's exit is not expected to be the last following poor World Cup .
Police say they repeatedly instructed J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park New York not to drive home from Grand Island Town Court on Monday night .
The warning came after they noticed he 'smelled of alcohol'
Despite the threat Silverthorn proceeded to get in his car and pull out the parking lot before being stopped by deputies .
He's currently being held in the Erie County jail with his bail set at $1000 .
Koch Brothers removing checkbox on criminal records from job applications .
Authors: Major companies are recognizing that those with criminal pasts can be productive workers .
Alberto Bueno ha scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season .
Striker will lead the line on Wednesday for Rayo against Real Madrid .
Bueno has been linked with a move to Porto at the end of the season .
Food52 's Not Sad Desk Lunch series has inspiring midday meal ideas .
Simple crackers and cheese or go complicated with stuffed steamed buns .
British workers spend an average of of £1840 a year on takeaway lunch .
Preparing your lunch at home could see a saving of up to £1300 a year .
Rapper says that his streaming service is 'here for the long haul'
Report claims that app is being affected by delays from Apple which is launching its own music service this summer .
Jay Z claims that Tidal already has more than 700000 subscribers .
App purchasing data shows that it has fallen out of top 750 downloads .
As William and Kate await the arrival of their second child speculation is rife as to what he or she will be named .
Royal expert Victoria Arbiter argues that naming a newborn princess after Diana would put too much pressure on her .
Notebook written by Alan Turing during World War II sold for £700000 .
It was written at the Bletchley Park codebreaking headquarters in 1942 .
Only extensive Turing manuscript thought to exist auctioneer said .
Conservative Work and Pensions Secretary likened to Mary Antoinette .
Says only 2% of workers on zerohours deals and most are carers .
Labour seizes on comments as proof the Tories are 'out of touch'
The shops are full of red dresses in all shapes and shades this year .
So is it time to switch from our trusty LBDs to a LRD for the summer?
Kate Battersby tried six red looks to see which work and which don't .
Salford City clinched the EvoStik League First Division North title .
Darlington 1883's failure to beat Warrington saw them win without playing .
Paul Scholes Nicky Butt Ryan Giggs and the Neville brothers are coowners of the club and will be delighted with the instant success .
Artist and journalist Alison Nastasi put together the portrait collection .
Also features images of Picasso Frida Kahlo and John Lennon .
Reveals quaint personality traits shared between artists and their felines .
Mother of four Anna James has vowed to take her children to the festival .
Mrs James 32 claims it is part of her 'religion culture and heritage'
Her children's school has refused to give permission for their absences .
The ancient Maypole festival is held every year in Padstow Cornwall .
It is believed to be an ancient pagan ritual that heralds the arrival of spring .
ExManchester City manager Sven Goran Eriksson criticises former club .
Eriksson says City should have won the Premier League with their squad .
Yaya Toure wears snood in training during hottest week of the year so far .
Norma Esparza 40 is facing six years in state prison after pleading guilty to a reduced charge of voluntary manslaughter .
She is one of four people accused of the 1995 killing of Gonzalo Ramirez 24 who she claims raped her .
A professor in Geneva she was arrested in the cold case murder tin 2012 when she reentered the U.S. for an academic conference .
She says her exboyfriend Gianni Van forced her to identify Ramirez and then coerced her to keep the murder secret for almost two decades .
Esparza is now testifying at Van's murder trial which is in its second day .
Sky allegedly withdrew their title sponsorship of Under 16 tournament .
BT Sport are to broadcast inaugural European Games in Baku in June .
Brazilian legend Pele is due in London on Thursday for an art exhibition .
Scottish First Minister said Mr Miliband simply 'won't have the votes'
She reiterated her call for Labour to 'work together to lock the Tories out'
Mr Miliband this morning insisted he would not make any deals with SNP .
Labour is expected to suffer heavy losses in Scotland  where it has 41 MPs .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a £100000aweek Liverpool contract .
Arsenal Chelsea and Manchester City are all interested in signing him .
Kolo Toure saw English talent struggle during his time at Manchester City .
He has compared Sterling's situation with Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair .
Marouane Fellaini has drawn plaudits for his recent performances .
The Belgian's form has dramatically improved in recent weeks .
Fellaini endured a terrible start to his United career under David Moyes .
Wayne Rooney says Fellaini is one of the best in world football .
Derry Mathews handed a unanimous points decision at the Echo Arena .
Tony Luis was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso pulled out .
Prince Andrew has changed the fate of 100 vulnerable women in Calcutta .
They were rescued from brothels child labour and trafficking by charity .
Key to Freedom was launched by the Duke after a trip to India in 2012 .
He recently denied allegations he had slept with a sex slave in America .
The accusations made by Virginia Roberts have been struck from court records .
Daily Mail racing correspondent Marcus Townend and tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the field for the Grand National in our preview video .
Shutthefrontdoor and AP McCoy will start the race as favourite .
Pablo Osvaldo says Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti should join Boca .
The 29yearold is currently on loan at the club from Southampton .
Osvaldo believes the Boca fans 'would go crazy' for the Italian duo .
Jutting was deemed fit to stand trial in November .
Faces life in prison if he is convicted of murder charges .
Jutting spoke twice saying 'I do' when asked if he understood charges .
Case was adjourned until May after prosecution asked for more time .
Chief executive Michael O'Leary made the vow to a French newspaper .
He attributed the cuts to lower oil prices and said savings will be passed on .
The controversial boss said Ryanair's average ticket price could drop by £4 .
New Boeing planes ordered by Irish carrier will have more capacity .
Mr O'Leary also took aim at Air France and predicted more troubles times .
He disputed claims that Ryanair staff face poor conditions and wages .
Dr Christopher Valentine's colleague saw the pictures on his iPod Touch .
Gallery of his pets contained an image of a seminaked man tribunal told .
Doctor was out with members of Clydebank Community Addiction Team .
Later revealed that he had used his iPod to take around 53 photos of at least two patients .
Goncalo Amaral claimed in book couple were involved in disappearance .
McCanns told court they were left 'devastated and crushed' by allegations .
The couple also accuse Amaral of hampering the search for their daughter .
Matt Dunford bombarded Amanda Branco with 50 texts messages a day .
He set up a fake escort website after their six month relationship ended .
Model who claims he spends £100000 a year on his looks found guilty .
He was sentenced today and is banned from contacting Ms Branco again .
Jenny Wallenda 87 the matriarch of the famous family of highflying circus performers died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota Florida .
Her nephew Rick Wallenda said his aunt died following a lengthy illness .
Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda .
Nik Wallenda has walked over the Grand Canyon and over Chicago .
Jenny Wallenda walked the high wire as an adult and performed on bareback horses as a child .
She also advocated for causes important to the circus community in her later years and helped create the Circus Ring of Fame .
Merger would have given the new company control of 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30percent of the paid TV market .
Announcement that Comcast is 'walking away' from deal could come Friday .
Comcast has 30million subscribers and Time Warner Cable boasts 11million new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million .
FCC staffers recommended the merger be sent to a judge for review  a significant regulatory hurdle .
Regulators questions whether merger was in the public interest .
As California struggles with a devastating drought huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta .
The prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations .
Delta farmers say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right .
California's  water rights system has historically given senior water rights holders the ability to use as much water as they need even in drought .
Gov. Jerry Brown has said that if drought continues this system built into California's legal framework could be changed .
Mark O'Mara: Video captured Michael Slager shooting Walter Scott if cop had been wearing a body camera he probably wouldn't have fired .
O'Mara says such cameras are expensive but cheaper than wrongful death payouts  and the cost of a human life.
The underlying problem is racial bias in policing until that's solved body cameras are a good interim solution .
No one knows who put up the signs in the municipality of Lastres .
The signs show a figure defecating within a red circle with a line across it .
Angry residents claim pilgrims have defecated outside their homes .
Celtic U17 won the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park on Tuesday night .
Josh Kerr opened the scoring for the Bhoys in the 74th minute .
Mark Hill then doubled Celtic's lead two minutes later .
The match was played behind closed doors due to trouble in the past .
Aaronessa Keaton was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5yearold child .
Keaton of Phoenix Arizona hit another car headon while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system .
When told of the charges and the child's death she said 'Sh*t happens'
Antiimmigrant protests have been ongoing in South Africa for two weeks and at least five people have been killed .
Foreign nationals have been loading trucks with their wares as they flee  Johannesburg and neighbouring towns .
Protesters are angry about  foreigners in the country when unemployment is high and wealth isn't distributed equally .
Immigrants wielding machetes have clashed with police as they hunt for locals that targeted foreign shop owners .
Grace Rebecca Mann 20 was found unconscious Friday afternoon by two female roommates at their home in Fredericksburg Virginia .
The fourth roommate Steven Vander Briel 30 was at home but fled .
He was arrested a few later emerging from woods near church .
Briel was charged with firstdegree murder and abduction .
Mann a popular junior reportedly had a plastic bag down her throat .
Her father Thomas Mann is a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in Fairfax County .
Didier Drogba and five of his Chelsea teammates take part in bin challenge .
Eden Hazard John Terry Thibaut Courtois and John Obi Mikel all involved .
Drogba mocked the tag of 'boring Chelsea' that has been aimed at his side .
Chelsea have been training at St George's Park ahead of game at Leicester .
A circus worker was seen walking a lion around a village like a dog .
The animal was seen being pulled by a makeshift leash in Namtsy Siberia .
It savaged a nineyearold girl in the village on her way home from lessons .
Girl is in hospital and the extent of her injuries from the attack not known .
Michael McIndoe lured players into scheme with promise of 20% return .
Ex player lived a millionaire's lifestyle and known as 'Mr Big' in Marbella .
But was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £2m debts .
The 35yearold is now being chased through the courts by creditors .
Maysak has sustained winds of more than 130 mph but is expected to weaken .
It's forecast to hit the Philippines during the Easter weekend .
Gareth Bale was on target in training with Real Madrid on Wednesday .
He returned to Real Madrid on the back of a double for Wales .
Alvaro Arbeloa said he couldn't understand the 'witch hunt' against Bale .
Real Madrid host 19thplaced Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday .
The match is Real's first since their El Clasico defeat at Barcelona .
CLICK HERE for the latest Real Madrid news .
Originally fined £120 for the absence from Sweyne Park School in Essex .
Unsuccessfully appealed the decision but parents still refused to pay .
Grandmother paid the bailiffs and said it was a 'sober warning to others'
Outraged food blogger Allie Dodds alleges fitness blogger and entrepreneur Ashy Bines used her recipes in her Clean Eating Guide .
Ms Dodds said Ms Bines had contacted her about using her recipes on her Facebook page in early 2012 .
But she was not credited in the book .
She said Ms Bines had not specifically asked her whether the recipes could be used there .
Ms Bines from the Gold Coast recently admitted that several recipes had been plagiarised .
She blamed an unnamed 'nutritionist' who had been working for her at the time adding: 'It really sucks that this can happen'
Ms Bines received several vile message following her plagiarism statement .
One person wished her forthcoming baby would be 'born with Down syndrome'
Atletico Madrid 00 Real Madrid: Click here for Martin Samuel's report .
Atletico have a knack for replacing star players with others just as good .
Jan Oblak is the latest having replaced goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois .
Mario Mandzukic looks to be a suitable replacement for Diego Costa .
CNN investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring .
10% discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant desperate to reach Europe .
Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez found guilty for murder of Odin Lloyd .
The conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole .
Athlete once had a $40million contract and a standout career ahead of him .
The former American football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges .
Australian fashion designer Alex Perry won't show at this year's MBFWA .
The designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .
This will be the designer's second MBFWA he has missed in two decades .
Perry is now focusing on global expansion in Asia and Middle East .
Mei Ru 50 was visiting local supermarket with husband Song Ming 53 .
CCTV shows she stopped car and Mr Ming got out standing behind it .
Mrs Ru then reverses knocking husband over and backing over him .
Surgeons were unable to save Mr Song who died of internal bleeding .
Temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach 2500 degrees Fahrenheit .
Launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31 2018 .
Conrad Clitheroe was jailed with his friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro .
Trio arrested after writing down plane registration numbers at UAE airport .
Fears for Mr Clitheroe's health after he ran out of blood pressure medicine .
He will now be able to celebrate first wedding anniversary with wife in May .
Tests spot chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development .
About 7000 people develop stomach cancer in the UK each year .
Seven human skulls nearly 2000 years old have so far been uncovered .
It is thought they were discarded as part of ritual burial on River Walbrook .
Sparked the theory the skulls could be the remains of Boudicca's rebels .
Excavation of 3000 skeletons at new Liverpool Street site is now complete .
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent wrote charttopping hits for musical superstars .
They divorced after three decades of marriage but have a daughter together .
But he did not attend her funeral when Trent died at the age of 74 last month .
Her second husband 'banned Hatch from funeral for breaking his wife's heart'
Sweet Cakes by Melissa in Oregon found to have discriminated against lesbian couple by refusing them wedding cake in January 2013 .
Melissa and Aaron Klein ordered to pay fine that they say will 'ruin' them .
Rachel BowmanCryer and her wife Laurel said to have suffered emotional distress from case which prompted death threats .
Fine of $135000 may be increased or decreased by state labor head .
Fundraising page for bakery raised $100000 before it was shut it down .
Bakers said 'Satan's really at work' and urged donations on Christian site .
Scientology exposé has been halted over differences in UK libel law .
HBO's 'Going Clear' was due to be broadcast by Sky earlier this month .
Lawyers warned church could sue because of Northern Ireland's libel law .
John Travolta has slammed the documentary and said he would not watch .
Pat Ingles 69 from Edinburgh loves to wear high heels and party .
Dresses up in risque outfits and heels and has pole dancing lessons .
Cared for her husband before he died and is focusing on herself now .
Her granddaughter 20 thinks her nana is 'cool'
Arsenal were title contenders in 2013/14 season before faltering at the end .
Gunners have same record after 31 games: Won 19 drawn six lost six .
Arsene Wenger insists Arsenal have improved with likes of Alexis Sanchez .
Arsenal started this season poorly with defeats at Swansea and Stoke City .
Adrian Durham: Arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off .
Xie Shisheng was just 16 when he was imprisoned in a Chinese cotton mill .
He's been rescued after 18 years and says he was beaten daily and tortured .
Xie's captors fled the scene when police arrived at the mill on Wednesday .
Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath is now manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City .
The 53yearold has been has been in the United States for eight years and witnessed the boom of 'soccer'
Heath says Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard are in for a few culture shocks when they join the MLS revolution .
Christian Benteke netted all three as Aston Villa drew 33 against QPR .
The Belgian can fire Aston Villa to Premier League safety .
That's the view of Tim Sherwood who lauded his main striker .
Twitter has developed an interactive graphic which shows support for all 20 Premier League clubs across the globe .
Support for clubs has been broken down into constituency level in the UK and national level across the world .
The Premier League's biggest clubs  Manchester United Liverpool Arsenal and Chelsea  dominate globally .
Manchester United dominate Twitter followers in Asia while Chelsea are strong in South America .
Arsenal come out on top in North America and in most of Europe .
Liverpool are strong in Australia and parts of the Far East including Thailand .
Harry Redknapp left his position as QPR manager in February .
He went to the Emirates to watch Arsenal v Liverpool as a spectator .
After the game he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans while he was stuck in traffic trying to leave the stadium .
Redknapp claims the small minority of fans spoil it for the rest .
Chase Lacasse 19 of New Hampshire arrested for impersonating police .
Teenager posted images of himself as officer on Instagram owned gun .
Customer at King Kone thought the costume was an April Fools' joke .
NYPD's secret history from first 50 years unveiled in book about the force .
Looking at men who led the police book describes kickbacks and brutality .
One chief of police led the mob to the whereabouts of his star detective .
Another failed to investigate KKK infiltration in the ranks of his department .
Teaching watchdog investigating some 100 staff with links to the scandal .
In some Birmingham schools Islamic views forced on staff and pupils .
Alleged alQaeda style video with masked gunmen copied in a classroom .
Also claimed teachers punished children by making them kneel on tiles .
Staff members also alleged sent offensive messages in a WhatsApp group .
Messages claimed murder of Lee Rigby and Boston bombings were a hoax .
Britons finding they cannot pick up hire cars after driving licence change .
DVLA is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies UK licences .
Information about penalty points will be held on the DVLA's database .
Fears foreign car hire firms will not be able to check motorists' details .
Donald Graham 62 murdered his wealthy heiress lover for her money .
Property developer Janet Brown's body has never been found .
He was jailed for life for the murder which was motivated by greed .
Graham stole more than £800000 from Ms Brown  to fund his love of supercars and a lavish lifestyle  but has been ordered to pay back just £1 .
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65yearsold .
Hilbert allegedly hit her boyfriend and knocked out one of his contact lenses during an argument over a friend he did not want her to see .
Hilbert told police her boyfriend body bumped her .
Hilbert has been arrested a total of five times and her charges include possession of pot and Xanax and also failure to appear in court .
Dr Warren Weinstein died during the counterterrorism operation in January .
The 73yearold was captured from his home in Lahore Pakistan in 2011 .
His family are said to have transferred money to his kidnappers in 2012 .
They asked for the release of prominent Afghan prisoners in return .
The transaction did not lead to his release and his family have since slammed the US government for their 'disappointing' reaction .
US officials insist the family will be receiving compensation for his death .
Governor Mary Fallin signed bill allowing nitrogen execution into law .
Chamber is pumped full of gas and body dies from lack of oxygen .
Method will become Oklahoma's second choice after lethal injection .
Supreme Court is due to rule on whether current execution drugs are legal .
If gas execution is not available state will use electric chair or firing squad .
Punters reacted with amusement and fury to Future Festival cancellation .
Many people were genuinely upset over the announcement  blaming the festival organisers for spending too much on Drake and Avicii .
But others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers on social media .
Organisers said the festival 'doesn't make financial sense anymore'
Saracens beat Harlequins 4214 at Wembley Stadium on March 28 .
Harlequins full back Mike Brown pulled out of the Aviva Premiership clash .
Brown is still wary after suffering concussion while on England duty .
Lewis Hamilton 30 sealed victory in Shanghai at Chinese Grand Prix yesterday his second win in three races .
He celebrated with  'trademark' move of spraying champagne in the face of the hostess  much to her surprise .
But Object which campaigns against sexism said he should apologise for his 'selfish and inconsiderate' actions .
Others called the driving ace 'an embarrassment to the UK' while another said it showed he was an 'ignorant clown'
Punkglam stars at Fashion Week on Tuesday bringing an edge to the show .
Phoenix Keating Zhivago Khim Hang and Alice McCall rocked punk glam .
While others like Maticevski Ginger and Smart and Brunsdon play safe .
Collections featured  metallics jewel tones rigid lines and new textures .
Lazio host Empoli at the Stadio Olimpico in Serie A on Sunday .
Roman outfit secured spot in Coppa Italia final in midweek .
Beat Napoli 21 on aggregate and will face Juventus in the final .
Defender Mauricio captures fans celebrations with selfie stick .
An unknown internet source has recreated the ad with curvy alternatives .
Dove has denied being responsible for the poster which carries their logo .
The image is currently circulating on social media spoofing the original .
Plussized fashion label Simply Be also created its own poster .
Shocking video captured at the Sunoco on North 5th Street in Philadelphia .
Five attackers stream out of a minivan and target the helpless 51yearold .
After beating him to the ground they continue to stamp on his head .
Two alleged attackers have been charged with attempted murder .
Police are still searching for the other suspects involved in the attack .
Jurors have started deliberations in the case against Pedro Hernandez the man accused of killing 6yearold Etan Patz in 1979 .
Assistant District Attorney Joan IlluzziOrbon asked jurors in the ten week trial to convict Hernandez of murder .
She described him as a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it .
The defense says Hernandez's admissions are made up the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ .
Days before grandchild is due gran Carole promotes babyshower range .
Mrs Middleton's goodies come in pink and blue in case the sex is unknown .
Items in the range include a £2.79 set of party cups and straws for £3.49 .
Multimillionaire was criticised for 'tacky' merchandise at Diamond Jubilee .
Ella Dawson 22 a recent graduate of Wesleyan is revealing her genital herpes status in an attempt to destigmatize the STI .
One in six Americans have genital herpes and that number is just among people who have been tested .
'When a real person a woman you know and respect casually mentions having herpes it stops being a punchline and starts being someone's reality' Dawson said .
Gary Neville has backed Manuel Pellegrini despite dismal run of form .
Pellegrini is under fire following City's recent performances in the league .
Premier League holders  sit fourth 12 points adrift of Chelsea .
But Neville insists Pellegrini should be given time to turn things around .
Mohammed Alam Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah raided a total of 21 homes .
Surveyed homes before striking often waiting until owners were away .
Had taught themselves how to disable security systems and CCTV cameras .
Took Ferrari Porches art and jewels worth total of £1million in 11 months .
Were jailed at Kingston Crown Court after admitting burglary offences .
Grammy Awardwinning artist tops UK album chart for first time in 25 years .
Paul Simon 73 outsold more youthful musicians such as Ed Sheeran .
His album The Ultimate Collection includes 19 tracks from a 50yearcareer .
Simon's recent tour with Sting is thought to have propelled him to top spot .
Carwyn ScottHowell plunged to his death while skiing in Flaine France .
Sevenyearold's body expected to be brought home this weekend .
State prosecutor concludes schoolboy's death was a 'tragic accident'
Arsenal beat Burnley 10 on Saturday to move four points clear in second .
But chief executive Ivan Gazidis is 'not happy' to miss out on title again .
Gazidis fears Arsenal may struggle to make Champions League in future .
Protests in South Carolina have been calm compared to the violence in Ferguson .
North Charleston's mayor says hundreds of body cameras will be on officers .
It took six days for Ferguson police to identify Darren Wilson who was not wearing a camera .
Wellness guru and app developer Belle Gibson lied about having cancer .
'No none of it is true' she told Australian Women's Weekly .
'I am still jumping between what I think I know and what is reality' she said .
Leading psychologist believes Gibson could be suffering from both antisocial behaviour and narcissism disorders .
Jo Lamble says the wide adoption of technology and social media mean that small lies can easily get out of hand .
A shop owner from Mozambique has died from his injuries in a Johannesburg hospital amid xenophobic violence .
At least six have been killed by armed gangs wielding machetes hammers and sticks who are targeting foreigners .
The antiimmigration violence in South Africa has forced thousands of people to flee their homes and the country .
President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to 'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on Africans and South Asians .
The PSA spoof highlights a series of shocking statistics about the number of women working within the movie industry .
On Broadway last year '13 out of 13' plays were written by men while 88 per cent of hit movies in 2014 starred men .
The satirical video which says it's 'only fair' that men 'have it all' includes appearances from other actresses including Mamie Gummer .
In the clip the women also point out several other areas in which men remain the dominant gender .
For U.S. moms the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years .
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is fullterm and healthy .
The study found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months .
53yearold presenter known as Dr Fox faces nine separate charges .
Charges relating to children allegedly took place between 1991 and 1996 .
Other three women were allegedly attacked by Fox between 2003 and 2014 .
DJ's lawyers said he 'categorically denies each and every allegation'
Arcade staff discovered the baby girl in the disabled toilets last night .
The newborn was taken to hospital and is described as 'safe and well'
The baby has been named April by staff at Ormskirk Hospital in Southport .
Police say the mother has been found and is receiving medical treatment .
Tim Albin of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office quit his job on Monday .
Follows killing of suspect Eric Harris 44 by reserve deputy Robert Bates .
Bates claims he shot Harris by accident and meant to use his Taser .
Michelle Obama combined an educational event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event on Wednesday evening .
The event at the White House Kitchen Garden was the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative .
She then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington D.C.
The first lady was on hand to present 15time Grammy winner Alicia Keys with The Recording Academy's Recording Artists' Coalition Award .
According to new app Brits are grumpiest in Western world at daybreak .
Despite getting more sleep than most  at seven hours 22 minutes a night .
Only Japanese South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier in morning .
Ferrari finished disappointing fourth in the constructors' standings in 2014 .
They improved this season and are second to Mercedes after three races .
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia last month .
Kimi Raikkonen sees no reason why Ferrari cannot challenge for the title .
CLICK HERE for all the latest F1 news .
Monaco loanee Radamel Falcao is not expected to stay at Man Utd .
Juventus have ruled out a move for the Colombia star over high wages .
Serie A champions have expressed interest in Palermo's Paulo Dybala and Edinson Cavani of Paris Saint Germain .
Rangers were beaten by Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship .
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for the hosts following a firsthalf corner .
Lee Wallace own goal doubled the Doonhammers' lead after the break .
Gavin Reilly completed the upset that dents Gers' hopes of second place .
England drew 11 with Italy in an international friendly in Turin on Tuesday .
Their flight home after the game was delayed due to a technical problem .
But the team arrived safely in Manchester on Wednesday lunchtime .
Roy Hodgson's players will now return to their clubs ahead of the weekend .
Sam Barton had £55000 of plastic surgery including two NHS operations .
22yearold says trolls traced him online then egged him in the street .
Celebrity wannabe says abuse over his appearance forced him to move .
But he has also gone bankrupt financing cosmetic surgery and partying .
Nadine Crooks 33 has four children aged 18 years to 18 months .
She was told she wouldn't be able to conceive again after fourth child .
Stopped taking contraceptives and was stunned to fall pregnant again .
The shocks continued as she found out she's expecting triplets .
Moussa Sissoko sent off during Newcastle's 20 defeat at Liverpool .
The French midfielder was booked twice but could've received straight red .
Sissoko lunged in on Lucas and left his foot on the Brazilian's ankle .
John Carver has no complaints with the sending off .
Transport for London used actors in the uncomfortable campaign video .
Encourages women to report sexual harassment on public transport .
One in ten Londoners have fallen victim and 90% of cases are not reported .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
The weeklong festival marks the trial crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ culminating in Easter Sunday .
The event has been met with aweinspiring and shocking displays of faith from Christians across five continents .
In Philippines the week sees thousands of penitents beaten bloody on the streets as part of 13th century tradition .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight in Las Vegas on May 2 .
Both men are nearing the end of their respective training camps .
Singer Mariah Carey paid a visit to Mayweather's boxing gym .
Pacquiao made his latest appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
READ: Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale .
Jeff Powell: Mayweather now the mature man who weighs words carefully .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao news .
ComRes survey for ITV shows Ukip falling behind in key constituencies .
Latest in a series of polls showing the losing ground to the Tories .
Ukip leader said he had 'made some mistakes' by trying to do too much .
He said he had to scale back his campaigning to rejuvenate himself .
Pupils in Spokane Washington were removed from classes on Monday .
A total of 143 were kicked out of school because they did not have documents to prove they have had legally required vaccinations .
Officials decided to act after spread of the measles virus in America .
Experts have warned there is a danger of a pandemic as people who have not been vaccinated are being exposed to the rest of the population .
Luiz Adriano scored nine times for Shakhtar Donetsk in Europe this season .
The Brazilian is out of contract at the end of the year... both Arsenal and Liverpool are interested in signing the 27yearold .
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have netted eight goals this season .
Real Madrid and Barcelona both in the Champions League semifinals .
READ: Our reporters have their say on who will win the Champions League .
CLICK HERE for Sportsmail's guide to the Champions League final four .
Chancellor pledged to double the number of people buying their first home .
Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million firsttime buyers getting first homes .
Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
Kim KiJong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy .
He's accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in the face and arm .
Police said Kim opposed the joint U.S.South Korean military drills .
Russian scientist says distant ancestor of humans had tentacles .
They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food .
It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today .
Challenges another theory that says our ancestors were more wormlike .
The average cost of the big day has hit £25000 .
Asos Monsoon and Debenhams offering bridal and bridesmaid gowns .
FEMAIL pits highstreet offerings with designer dresses .
Patricia Jannuzzi wrote in a Facebook post that gays were behind an 'agenda' to 'reengineer western civ into slow extinction'
An outcry ensued  including from school alumnus Scott Lyons who's aunt is actress Susan Sarandon .
Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month but there was then a backlash from conservatives .
Monsignor Seamus Brennan said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never hurtful'
Coles ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers .
Their marketing slogan 'made today sold today' deemed as misleading .
The products were par baked from overseas and shipped months later .
Coles also ordered to display a Federal Court corrective notice in stores .
Remains of the Magdalenian 'Red Lady' were uncovered in El Mirón cave .
Bones were stained with a red ochre made from a haematite crystal .
Grave is the first burial of this kind found in the Iberian peninsula .
Her identity and why she was buried in an elaborate tomb are unknown .
Didier Drogba has picked up a thigh injury and pulled out of a charity game .
Chelsea are already missing Diego Costa and Loic Remy through injury .
They travel to face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday at 4pm .
Costa returns to firstteam training this week to boost Jose Mourinho .
Arsenal moved up to second with 41 win over Liverpool on Saturday .
Gunners are bucking their recent trend of ending the season badly .
But they had already dropped 13 points in Premier League by midOctober .
Signing a defender midfielder and forward may make them title favourites .
Craig Roberts 36 went to Chadderton Post Office to top up electric meter .
But staff said he would not be served unless he left his guide dog outside .
Mr Roberts was born with glaucoma and has 30 per cent vision in one eye .
He was eventually served after a ten minute standoff with an employee .
Tyler Grant claims a Whataburger in Texas denied service because Grant was wearing a dress .
The Whataburger says they did not let Grant enter because the outfit in question was seethrough .
'If it were seethrough then she would have seen my brightly colored underwear' Grant said on Facebook .
Grant claims the outfit consisted of five pairs of tights .
Grant is still deciding whether or not to pursue legal action .
Joe Hart conceded four goals in Man City's 42 defeat at Old Trafford .
The Man City stopper appears to have given up on trying to catch Arsenal .
Hart said after Sunday's defeat that 'it's essential to try and finish third'
READ: Gloves on April 12?! Man City players feel the derby day cold .
READ: Ashley Young laughs at City as United silence 'noisy neighbours'
Light Gold Moto 360 is available for customers to preorder online from O2 .
Customers ordering before 10pm on 20 April will receive watch on 21 April .
It will then go on general sale from O2 stores on 23 April for £249.99 .
Michael Hanline was serving life without parole for killing JT McGarry .
But new DNA evidence at crime scene  revealed that he was innocent .
After 36 years wrongfully imprisoned the 69yearold has finally been freed .
Hanline says all he wants to do now is fish and spend time with his wide .
Homeowner built cabin near Anchorage valley after forest fire .
When the trees started growing again they didn't want to lose the view .
So they built another cabin on top and carried on until it was 12 high .
It has been affectionately dubbed the 'Dr Seuss tower' and attracts fans .
Site can analyze any photo and will guess the age and sex .
Said 30yearold Khloe Kardashian looks 44 .
Microsoft app also determined Obama looks the right age of 53 .
Users can search for photos on Bing or upload their own .
Luis Suarez receives a painful knee where it hurts from teammate Neymar .
South American duo shared a joke in training ahead of Champions League .
Barcelona face Paris SaintGermain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night .
Suarez admits he was timid at the thought of playing alongside Neymar .
READ: PSG coach admits getting past Barca is 'practically impossible'
Cyber experts reconstructed searches on pilot's tablet from March 16 to 23 .
Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit and crashed jet a day after last search .
He 'lied to doctors by saying he was on sick leave when he was still flying'
Copilot was prescribed 'antianxiety drug that can increase risk of suicide'
DNA has been found from all 150 people on board .
40 'very very damaged' mobile phones also found at the site .
Kevin Pietersen has managed to outplay the ECB's media personnel .
Adam Wheatley says Mission Sports Management had no outside help .
Andy Flower's job description is similar to new director of cricket role .
Former Glazer family spokesman Tehsin Nayani is releasing a book .
West Indies' Shivnarine Chanderpaul hoping to play with son Tagenarine .
Samantha Fleming and daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson Indiana on April 5 .
The threeweekold infant was discovered unharmed in the Gary Indiana home where the body of a young woman was discovered .
The alleged kidnapper was not at the home which had a nursery .
Alleged kidnapper's neighbor said the woman had told her she was pregnant with twins but that one had died during birth .
The child was in the care of the alleged kidnapper's sister when police arrived after Fleming's wallet was found nearby .
Group of young thugs are terrorising High Green estate in Sheffield .
Youngsters are using BB guns and air rifles to shoot at cars and homes .
Terrified residents on estate say they are being 'held to ransom' by yobs .
Claim woman was shot at and concerned someone will be seriously injured .
Man called Alex posted video on YouTube of him talking to Siri on his iPad .
Is told 'now you're swearing obscenities' when he asks about gay marriage .
Apple has reportedly put Siri's responses down to a 'bug' which it has fixed .
Gay rights were set back in Russia by 2013 law banning 'gay propaganda'
Babies flown from Nepal to Tel Aviv Israel with their parents on Monday .
Several premature infants  evacuated on small military plane in morning .
Later in the day five more youngsters touched down at Sde Dov Airport .
Up to 33 babies could be flown from Nepal in total following earthquake .
Many gay Israeli couples travel abroad to have children with surrogates .
In Israeli the procedure is limited by law to only heterosexual partners .
Earthquake and triggered avalanches have killed more than 4600 so far .
Reps from both cable giants will meet with DOJ officials on Wednesday .
First meeting companies had with regulators since announcing proposal .
Earlier reports said DOJ antitrust attorneys wanted to block the merger .
Officials fear the new company would dominate internet broadband market .
Time Warner shares closed Friday at $149.61 while Comcast was at $58.42 .
The baby boy was taken away four days after he was born in Oregon to Chalena Mae Moody 25 and her father Eric Lee Gates 49 .
Authorities say Moody and Gates were living as a couple in Springfield before moving to Klamath Falls  they now have had two children .
Pair did not know each other during Moody's childhood .
Moody was married when she gave birth to child and already had three other children .
Work and Pensions Secretary hailed the Tories as 'the real party of work'
Said Miliband is standing on 'most Leftwing platform since Michael Foot'
Urged fellow Conservatives to champion the Government's achievements .
Tony Degrafreed of Indianapolis Indiana has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca Degrafreed 47 last July .
The victim had married Degrafreed in 2006 after he was released from prison for shooting dead his first wife in 1994 .
Yingying Dou 30 reportedly ran the website called MyMaster .
She charged up to $1000 for her staff to write university essays .
Website was written in Chinese and advertised to international students .
In July 2010 Joyce Bruce got pregnant in an unusual way  with repeated attempts using a turkey baster .
The man who gave her his sperm wanted to have a role in his son's life .
They ended up in court and he has won joint custody and visitation rights .
After beating Tommy Burns in 1908 Jack Johnson became the first ever black world heavyweight champion .
He held the belt for six years and Sunday will mark the 100 year anniversary of his last title defence .
During a particularly racist period of American history Johnson's title reign was met with many protests .
Johnson was eventually defeated by Jess Willard in 1915 following 26 brutal rounds in the sweltering heat of Cuba .
Sequel to popular "Bible" miniseries debuting on NBC .
"Mad Men" premieres the first of its final episodes .
Netflix premieres its first Marvel series "Daredevil"
Becca and Dale Litchfield spent their wedding savings on IVF .
The couple were thrilled when they conceived not one but two babies .
Dale secretly entered a wedding contest and the couple won .
Cast of celebrities attend Labour party rally in Warrington Cheshire .
Comedian Ben Elton told supporters he was now 'back with Labour'
Eddie Izzard said the party would offer a 'fair chance for everyone'
Sally Lindsay backed Labour's plans to ban exploitative zerohours .
Review by Catholic News Service says hit show is not historically accurate .
Slams depiction of Catholic saint Sir Thomas More as 'just plain rude'
Audience encouraged to root for 'monster' Thomas Cromwell review adds .
Programme starring Damian Lewis screened for first time in US on Sunday .
Companies will have to reveal names IP addresses and residential addresses of 4726 people who uploaded the film online illegally .
This will allow the film's copyright holders to seek damages or court action .
Internet provider iiNet warned they could demand up to $7000 .
Justice Nye Perram ruled that individuals' privacy must be kept and all letters from the copyright holder must be sent to him first .
Tanka Maya Sitoula was at home in Kathmandu Nepal when deadly quake struck .
She was trapped inside the ruins of her wrecked home for 36 hours .
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest to continue their push towards the playoff places and all but end their opposition's chances of promotion .
Wolves are seventh level on points with sixthplaced Ipswich .
Kenny Jackett believes his side must maintain their focus to stay in touch .
They face Leeds United in their next encounter on Easter Monday .
Three teenage boys from northwest London detained in Turkey last month .
Their parents phoned 999 in Britain after realising they were missing .
Authorities quickly made contact with Turkish counterparts to block them .
Now it has emerged that one of boys' fathers worked for the MoD .
Researchers found those with pretty faces also have appealing voices .
University of Vienna photographed and recorded voices of 42 women .
Two separate groups of men rated their attractiveness for the study .
Those who rated highly for looks often scored well for sound .
The 6ft 5in 330lb NFL player told fans on Twitter of his application to Uber .
He explained: 'You know what's better than NFL money? More money'
He's yet to play in NFL game but predicted to make $510000 next season .
He will drive passengers around Florida in his brand new Dodge Charger .
GRAPHIC IMAGE WARNING .
Max Verschuuren 21 is lucky to be alive after friend mistook him for a deer .
Grisly photographs show his gaping bloody gunshot wound .
His hunting mate believed his dim headlight was the glint of a deer's eyes .
'I said "f***en' stop that's me!"'
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new Liverpool contract .
Fans mantra at Liverpool is that no player is bigger than the club .
Liverpool fans have grown frustrated with the ongoing situation .
READ: Rodgers insists Sterling will not leave Liverpool this summer .
Sterling is not being disloyal in postponing contract talks says PFA chief .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
A Delaware family becomes ill at the Sirenusa resort in the U.S. Virgin Islands .
Preliminary EPA results find methyl bromide was present in the unit where they stayed .
The U.S. Justice Department begins a criminal investigation into the matter .
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County Oregon decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drivethru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy .
But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .
Gallegos says ice cream is a weekly treat for her pets .
Getty's death appears to be natural causes or accident coroner's office says .
Mother and father of Andrew Getty confirm death asks for privacy .
Geoff Johnson and Jennifer McShea both grew up with a mother who compulsively hoarded things .
Refrigerator didn't work trash piled up but nothing was fixed. It left them with deeprooted feelings of shame .
Two decades after they left their mother died and the house was passed to them .
They have revisited and created a photo series superimposing their children onto photos of the house to show the uneasy sight of youngsters growing up in that environment .
Nick Abendanon was sublime in Clermont's 375 win against Northampton .
Abendanon is ineligible for England because he is playing overseas .
Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage is in the same predicament .
The RFU can invoke an 'exceptional' clause to select overseas players .
But this clause could create tension in the England camp .
Remington 'Remi' Walden four was killed three years ago when his family's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rearended .
Jurors in Georgia ruled that Chrysler acted with reckless disregard for human life .
Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rearended causing the gas tank to ignite .
The home side were gifted the lead after James Collins sliced a cross over Adrian for an astonishing own goal .
A devastating counterattacking goal was swept in by Sergio Aguero for his 20th league goal of the season .
The victory moved Manuel Pellegrini's side back to within one point of Manchester United in third in the league .
CLICK HERE for the player ratings from the Etihad Stadium after Jesus Navas steals the show .
Official figures show Chelsea show the least respect to match officials .
Team behaviour is ranked out of seven by FA delegates at each match .
Liverpool were shown to have the greatest respect towards referees .
Chelsea's back room staff were ranked secondworst in the figures .
Lianne Hindle suffered a cardiac arrest at North Manchester General .
37yearold died three hours after giving birth to baby Poppy .
Investigation was launched last year into the deaths of seven babies and three mothers at the unit and a ward at the Royal Oldham Hospital .
Family have raised questions over the standard of care Ms Hindle received .
The stolen Peruvian mummy was abandoned by archaeological dig site .
Street cleaners found the remains in a box and called police .
Believed stolen from Chan Chan capital of the Chimu Empire .
A guard was shot and critically injured outside the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters in Suitland Maryland on Thursday night .
Authorities have connected the incident to a DC armed kidnapping that led to a police chase .
The Census Bureau campus was briefly locked down as authorities assessed the situation .
The police chase ended back in Northeast DC where the suspect was shot in a popular strip of bars and restaurants .
Rifle was stolen overnight while agent's car was parked at a Salt Lake City hotel across the street from the state's FBI office .
Gun was 'secured properly' in a case and truck safe with padlocks and chains .
Police believe thief tied a rope around the case and used another car to break the handle off by ripping the case through the car's window .
Agent's stolen backpack and gear bags were recovered at a nearby hotel but the gun has not been found .
Deutsche Bank survey confirms what Australians already know .
For the 4th year straight Australia ranked as the world's costliest country .
A 2litre bottle of Coke costs 51 percent more than in New York .
Biggest difference is hotel rooms which are double the price of New York .
Xiao Zhengti five born with  liver condition which caused organ to swell .
Needed first transplant from mother Yang Haiying at nine months old .
But body rejected organ leading to four years of repeated hospital visits .
Yesterday father Xiao Kunqing was also allowed to donate part of liver .
Boy is now expected to make a full recovery and be home within weeks .
Discovered in the Stasi Archive in Berlin by photographer Arwed Messmer .
Show how secret police forced people trying to escape to reenact method .
Include pictures of primitive floats children concealed in cars and tunnels .
Secret police used the pictures for training and for use at trials as evidence .
Have now been compiled in a book called Reenactment MfS .
Reenactment MfS by Arwed Messmer is published by Hatje Cantz .
Kim Min Hyeok has been accused of stamping on an opponent's face .
Video footage appears to show Hyeok's foot scraping Mu Kanazaki's face .
Kanazaki was among the goals in a 31 win for his Kashima Antlers side .
Russell 'Rusty' Yates said his exwife's actions were 'a result of her illness'
She systematically killed her children in their Texas home in 2001 .
Was convicted of capital murder in 2002 but in 2006 was found not guilty by reason of insanity  after being diagnosed with postpartum psychosis .
Mr Yates maintains she is a good mother who loved her children .
Slammed prosecutors for seeking the death penalty during the first trial .
He has since remarried and has a son .
Peter Moskos: Reserve cop 73 meant to use a Taser on a man but shot him dead instead. Why was a volunteer cop witha  gun in a violent crimes unit?
He says the man may have bought his way in with donations to police. Cops are and should be wary of those a little too eager to be police .
Moskos: Right approach is unarmed auxiliary cops like in NYC volunteering as a way to connect public to police .
Lord Tebbit said figures such as Churchill had careers before politics .
He claimed Mr Cameron was a PR advisor as well as a special advisor .
Lord Tebbit was an airline pilot before he embarked on his political career .
He said: 'I just cannot read Mr Cameron’s mind. It’s a foreign country to me'
Rangers winger David Templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss Stuart McCall .
He feels that the new regime is far better than that under Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall .
Templeton has singled out a newfound intensity and more astute tactics as reasons behind the recent upturn in fortunes at Ibrox .
Rangers go into Saturday's game with Championship titlewinners Hearts off the back of two consecutive wins .
West Coast Railways services suspended after train failed to stop at signal .
100mph collision with steam train missed by barely a minute .
WCR must take steps to address Network Rail's concerns .
The company owns the Hogwarts Express now at Warner Bros Studios .
Atletico Madrid's Arda Turan fouled Sergio Ramos in the 76th minute and received a second yellow card .
The visitors were forced to play with 10 men at the Bernabeu for the final 15 minutes with the game at 00 .
Real Madrid had dominated possession in the Champions League tie before the sending off .
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real  with his first Champions League goal for 895 days .
Holly Willoughby Katherine Jenkins and Samantha Cameron all wear pink .
Spring/summer collections are awash with different shades of the colour .
According to experts stronger pinks show confidence energy and power .
Look at the hybrid image at a normal viewing distance from the screen .
If the image of Einstein doesn't appear it may mean you have bad vision .
Illusion shows how we focus on different features depending on distance .
State troopers say they found methamphetamine and marijuana on a bus carrying Nelly and five others .
Nelly has been charged with felony possession of drugs .
Sign was erected outside university building in Portugal Place Cambridge .
But the message in two classical languages has been branded as 'elitist'
One expert has claimed that there are inaccuracies in the Greek warning .
Alejandro Valverde won ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini .
Chris Froome finished 123rd after a crash during the final 12 kilometres .
Team Sky's sports director Gabriel Rasch praised Froome for finishing .
Rasch said Froome was 'banged up' but expects to ride Tour de Romandie .
Andy Murray is getting married to longterm girlfriend Kim Sears .
Coach Amelie Mauresmo recently announced that she is pregnant .
British No 1 is considering taking on Jonas Bjorkman as assistant coach .
CLICK HERE for our Andy Murray and Kim Sears picture special .
Three people shot one man in custody city spokesman says .
Hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in Baltimore .
Police not sure if shootings are related to protests spokesman says .
Spanish football legend took to Twitter to announce the listing .
Bodega Iniesta' vineyard is located in CastillaLa Mancha Spain .
Property has one bedroom with double bed and kitchen and lounge area .
Guests are warned not to be too physical with the vines .
Children drink 'excessive' amounts of energy drinks teachers' union claim .
Drinks like Red Bull Monster and Relentless are causing 'hyperactivity'
NASUWT likened caffeinated refreshments to 'readily available legal highs'
Of teachers surveyed 13% cited energy drinks as cause of bad behaviour .
Zach Yonzon runs the Bunny Baker Cafe with his wife in Manila .
Artist uses a spoon and a barbecue skewer dipped in chocolate .
Creates incredibly detailed portraits at the request of customers .
Service started out as novelty when owner began etching rabbits .
Artistic barista hopes to one day be able to create 3D caricatures .
Raymond van Barneveld beat fellow Dutchman Michael van Gerwen 73 .
Robin van Persie watched the clash via a rather bizarre camel TV .
Phil Taylor beat Dave Chisnall 73 and drew with Stephen Bunting in a pulsating clash to end the Premier League darts in Scotland .
Adrian Lewis crushed Bunting as he lost twice in Aberdeen .
Gary Anderson produced a stunning comeback in front of his home crowd to draw 66 with James Wade after being four legs down .
Christie's is holding a Magnificent Jewels auction next month in Geneva .
Overall it is expected to raise in excess of £53million .
Includes pink diamond worth £8million and sapphire worth £2.7million .
Rye Silverman from Los Angeles was chosen as one of the brand's monthly Fashion Truth campaign stars .
The 32yearold comedian often posts pictures of herself wearing ModCloth clothing on the brand's open fashion forum which is how she was spotted .
German car manufacturer used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into 'blue crude' oil which was then refined into diesel .
The carbon dioxide can be removed from the air or from power plants .
Audi claims its ediesel is carbon neutral without adding to climate change .
Tests suggest it allows cars to run quieter and produce fewer pollutants .
Pope Francis played key role in reestablishing diplomatic ties between Cuba and U.S.
"Contacts with the Cuban authorities are still in too early a phase" Vatican spokesman says .
Prince Harry made a surprise visit to a remote Aboriginal village .
Wuggubugan is in the Outback and 600 miles from Darwin the nearest city .
Harry just 'rocked up' say thrilled locals and is a 'delightful chap'
30yearold has been in Australia since Monday and will stay for a month .
Sydney Tech journalist Rae Johnston is a passionate cosplay participant .
She wears her signature Wonder Woman costume to children's hospitals and various pop culture conventions .
Ms Johnston will host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz ComicCon  the official Australian version of the San Diego ComicCon .
Famous Californian cosplay artist  Abby Dark Star will judge entrants .
Over 20000 people are expected to attend both Perth and Adelaide's event .
Thousands of Newcastle fans chose to boycott the Tottenham game .
Protests took place outside the stadium with posters and banners .
The supporters are angry at Mike Ashley's way of running the club .
Sunderland fans fly a banner to mock Newcastle after the recent derby .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle news .
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses .
Despite the infant's best efforts Gemma keeps licking away .
Other videos show the animal is clearly used to being around children .
Bobby and Stephanie separated three weeks ago after 10 years of marriage .
On Friday the 50yearold Food Network star filed for divorce .
His actress spouse is said to be not happy with the prenup in place .
They have no children and are 'fighting over property'
It was also claimed she questioned him about romancing January Jones .
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway play Finding Neverland on Wednesday .
It is the first time the pair has been seen together since Weinstein was accused of groping an Italian model in March .
The district attorney's office announced last Friday that Weinstein will not face criminal charges over the incident .
Finding Neverland is the same play Weinstein gave model Ambra Battilana a ticket to .
The couple also spent Chapman's birthday together earlier in the week as well as Easter with their children two weekends ago .
Bear seen chained to a tree for baiting competition to hone dogs' hunting skills in eastern Russia .
Masha a fiveyearold bear can be seen attacked by a pack of dogs as she is chained by her neck .
Hunting contest is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter .
EXCLUSIVE: Farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats .
Party officials admit most candidates are being left to their own devices .
Among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is Folkestone and Hythe .
Ukip candidate Janice Atkinson was replaced after expenses scandal .
Louis van Gaal handed Andres Iniesta his Barcelona debut .
Spaniard thanked the trust the Manchester United manager placed in him .
Iniesta claims 2009 Champions League success was one of his best finals .
Barcelona defeated Chelsea and Man Utd on the way to Rome victory .
Frank Ribery: Van Gaal is a bad man!
Luca Railton was born with leg bones missing due to a medical condition .
In February 2014 doctors said he would need to have his leg amputated .
But his family raised £135k to take him to the US for surgery instead .
Now he is able to walk unaided and is happy he can wear skinny jeans .
Motorist Ravi Beefnah claims his £35000 Audi A5 uses far too much oil .
He covered his car in slogans and parked it outside a dealership in Essex .
Car has been there for two months and he claims Audi will not fix problem .
Manufacturer say they have offered to fix Mr Beefnah's car free of charge .
35yearold Donnell Graham shot his wife 33yearold Shaquana Graham at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township police say .
He also shot 25yearold Kristopher Pittman who was staying in the same room before turning the gun on himself .
A motel worker said at least one of the individuals checked into the motel around 3 a.m.
Plane was not full so one man decided to change seats .
However the move angered a fellow passenger who spoke out .
Row turned into fight as passenger reports punches thrown .
One man was taken away for questioning once landed at Muscat .
Ben Affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slaveowning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his ancestry .
As DailyMail.com first revealed producers agreed to the actor's demand and cut the segment from the program .
'I didn't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. I was embarrassed' he wrote on Facebook .
PBS has launched an internal investigation into whether or not Finding Your Roots violated their editorial standards by allowing this request .
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital .
Plumes of white acrid smoke were seen floating across Kathmandu as hundreds of bodies were burned in pyres .
City's sacred temple overwhelmed with number of bodies while wood needed to make pyres is starting to run out .
Almost every space along the river's banks is being used for rites despite hundreds more bodies still being found .
A YouTube video shows the scale of an avalanche on Mount Everest on Saturday .
Eight Nepalis are dead at Everest but not identified three Americans are also dead .
Helicopter rescues are underway to retrieve climbers stranded on Everest .
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300000 counts of accessory to murder .
The former SS officer described how Jews were marched to gas chambers .
One survivor Eva Kor told of her agony as her mother was ripped from her .
Jordan Spieth wins 2015 US Masters after finishing 18under at Augusta .
Spieth became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters .
Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson (both 14 under) finished joint second .
READ: Spieth has world at his feet after recordbreaking Masters triumph .
Spieth: Winning the Masters has been the most incredible week of my life .
Funeral for murdered school teacher Stephanie Scott was held outside Eugowra in centralwest NSW on Wednesday .
Fiance Aaron LeesonWoolley sat between Ms Scott's parents Merrilyn and Robert during the service .
Her sister Kim parents and Leeton High School vice captain Grace Green spoke at the funeral .
Hundreds of yellow balloons were released following her funeral service to the tune of 'Home'
Earlier in the day people in Eugowra and Canowindra painted the town yellow with balloons and streamers .
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 on Thursday .
Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller gushed over President Obama at one point telling him 'I love you'
President Obama signaled Thursday while speaking in Jamaica he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism .
This as he prepares to have dinner with Cuban President Raul Castro on Friday at the Summit of the Americas in Panama .
The two shared a handshake a Nelson Mandela's funeral in 2013 which angered some Americans .
Last night Secretary of State John Kerry met Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez in a Panama City hotel .
Aspartame has been linked to a range of health problems .
But more than 100 studies have deemed it to be safe says the FDA .
Diet Pepsi in the US will now be sweetened with sucralose or Splenda .
Comes after consumers shy away from such drinks on health grounds .
Labour leader has vowed to 'never' walk away from the European Union .
Ed Miliband pledges to ‘restore our commitment’ to EU and other groups .
Accusing David Cameron of ‘taking Britain to the edge of European exit’
Mother and autistic son to be deported to Philippines within 28 days .
Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone have lived in Australia since 2007 .
Appeal rejected because son's autism could be a burden on government .
Their family is in Queensland Sevilla is a nurse at Townsville Hospital .
Queensland Disabilities Minister says decision is 'cold and heartless'
Immigration Department says child does not meet visa health requirements .
Charlie Kwentus 42 from Webster Groves Missouri was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids .
The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day with black tie makeovers and limousine included .
Footage from the event shows Kwentus dancing with his daughters Maren aged nine and Zoe 13 before stopping to give a heartfelt speech .
Kwentus was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago and recently decided to stop treatment .
Erica Avery 17 was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County Florida courtroom after being accused of using the internet on Tuesday .
She was taken into custody barely a month after making $100000 bond on charges she aided in the rape of a friend in 2013 .
She and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the assault on a victim in Hollywood .
Marie D'Argent was injured when elevator at Melbourne apartment complex dropped suddenly in October .
She says she suffered vertebral disc trauma and loss of libido as a result .
The 55yearold is suing building and elevator company for compensation .
Ms D'Argent has filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria .
Former model was walking in Marylebone and was surrounded by gang .
Muggers took her mobile phone before fleeing the scene on bikes .
The phone reportedly had private texts from her troubled father Paul .
Miss Gascoigne took to Twitter and branded her attackers 'low lifes'
25yearold was left brain damaged after doctors failed to administer vitamin K shortly after he was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital .
Vitamin K helps the blood clot and prevents bleeding in young babies .
Man suffered a brain haemorrhage and now needs 24hour care .
Judge awarded him £7.3 million to pay for his ongoing treatment and care .
Goa is India's smallest state but one of its most popular travel destinations .
It offers bargain beach breaks (and luxury too) in the west of the country .
Weak Rouble means there are currently fewer Russian visitors than usual .
Olivia Bazlinton 13 and Charlotte Thompson 14 struck by express train .
Network Rail was fined £1 million over their deaths for criminal negligence .
Parents were shut out of meetings where they planned to challenge bosses .
The firm’s bosses received £250000 in bonuses last year .
Nico Rosberg fought his way past Kimi Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel .
He ultimately finished third after his brakes failed in closing stages .
The German is now 27 points behind title leader Lewis Hamilton .
Hamilton has outqualified and finished ahead of Rosberg at every race .
Pilots reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months .
Twelve cases led pilots to request priority landing with Mayday call in two .
Reignited debate on whether prolonged exposure to air in planes is safe .
Many former pilots and aircrew think they've suffered longterm illnesses .
Two underwater suites at Atlantis The Palm boast floortoceiling views directly into a massive aquarium .
The views from the master bedrooms and bathrooms create the illusion of being under the sea .
With a base price of just under £5500 ($8200) a night each suite comes with 24hour private butler service .
Butlers have received requests for everything from camel rides to a skydiver dressed as Santa Claus .
The 1500room hotel  is located on the Palm Jumeirah artificial island off the coast of Dubai .
Gary Neville believes Manchester United can get a result at Chelsea .
The Sky pundit thinks that Louis van Gaal's side are currently hard to beat .
United travel to Stamford Bridge looking to close the gap on the leaders .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
From today emoji will now work within hashtags on Instagram .
Users add them to posts search  on Explore tab and tap them in captions .
Hashtags work with single and multiple emoji as well as with text .
App has also added three new filters called Lark Reyes and Juno .
Marissa Holcomb was held up in Channelview Texas on March 31 .
Robber held her at gunpoint and emptied $400 from the till .
She was fired a day later after refusing to pay back the money .
The store says she broke their policy by having so much cash in the till .
Holcomb five months pregnant with her fourth child says it was busy .
Promotion is part of Al Pacino's speaking tour in the UK and Ireland .
Package includes tickets to two shows and a fivestar hotel stay in London .
If it's too pricey fans can pay £2500 for alone time in his dressing room .
Scarface and Godfather actor is speaking in Glasgow London and Dublin .
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on the 25th April .
New arrival will have the use of two nurseries both shared with George .
One at Anmer Hall in Norfolk and a second at Kensington Palace .
Duchess is thought to have ordered £18.95 pots of pink paint .
Pilot stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night .
Cathay Pacific runs regular flights between its Hong Kong hub and London .
The male pilot has been bailed pending an investigation .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid (in all competitions) against Rayo Vallecano on April 8 .
Portuguese forward has achievements marked by special shirt presented to him by club president Florentino Perez .
Ronaldo and his Real Madrid teammates host Malaga on Saturday as they look to catch La Liga leaders Barcelona .
French striker Karim Benzema will miss the game after picking up a knee injury against Atletico Madrid .
High Court throws out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners escaping .
Policy introduced after armed robber nicknamed 'Skull Cracker' absconded .
Michael Wheatley walked out of Standford Hill prison  while on day release .
He was serving 13 life sentences but escaped and went on the run in May .
Tim Tebow signed with team Monday after news of the deal leaked Sunday .
He inked deal in time to participate in team's voluntary offseason program .
2007 Heisman Trophy winner played for Patriots Jets and Broncos in NFL .
Has thrown 173 completions 17 touchdowns and nine picks in 35 games .
Terms of the deal with the 63 236pound player have not been released .
Chelsea captain John Terry has revealed his PFA Team of the Year .
Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho gets nod as Player of the Year .
Tottenham scoring sensation Harry Kane is his Young Player of the Year .
Former Blues Juan Mata and Ryan Bertrand are in his best XI picks .
Liverpool face Aston Villa in FA Cup semifinal at Wembley on Sunday .
Daniel Sturridge is suffering with a hip injury and is a doubt for the clash .
England striker has not trained this week and is in danger of missing out .
Barcelona face Paris SaintGermain in Champions League quarterfinals .
Ahead of the tie Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona forwards .
He says he has never seen a relationship like the one Luis Suarez Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez have for Barcelona .
Perhaps in a swipe at Cristiano Ronaldo Pique went on to say that there is no hint of jealousy between the three Barcelona players .
Soil underneath a slide in the park showed extremely high radiation levels .
Has raised fears for the health of children in the Toshima ward of Tokyo .
Days after traces of radiation found at Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's office .
Celebrity chef Pete Evans strongly endorses fluoridefree water .
But Health Minister Jillian Skinner said he is putting people's health at risk .
She also added she has refused to watch Evans' show My Kitchen Rules .
Medical professionals say fluoride protects from tooth decay .
Australian Dental Association supports water fluoridation .
Millers await verdict of threeman Football League disciplinary panel .
Manager Steve Evans expects decision before Norwich home game .
Rotherham fielded an ineligible player against Brighton on Easter Monday .
FDA Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy'  brimming with fiber and antioxidants while being low in fat and sodium .
However upon closer inspection it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims'
Daily Mail Online calculated that one KIND bar flavor  not included in the FDA investigation  contains more calories and fat than a Snickers bar .
New York University nutritionist Marion Nestle likened KIND bars to candy .
Adultthemed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' party got the mansion its first noise complaint in August 2014 .
School was called Pharaoh's Daughters and advertised to help 'promising young strippers' find work at 'prestigious gentlemen's clubs'
It has since been shut down by its principal owner Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds .
Lownds said he had planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the daytoday lives of strippers .
Hiroshi Ueda patented the 'extender stick' at camera firm Minolta in 1983 .
He came up with the invention after struggling to find anyone to take pictures of him with his wife while they were on a family holiday in Europe .
It used a mirror on the front of compact cameras to help the photographer .
But the idea was not a commercial success and the patent ran out in 2003 .
Steve Clarke thinks that scheduling needs to better for the FA Cup .
Reading's semifinal clashes with Chelsea against Manchester United .
Clarke admits that without improvements the FA Cup will lose its appeal .
A rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone.
In an adorable video posted to YouTube by user Jeannine S. with nearly one million views puppy Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to Clyde .
Bonne was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato which means mixed breed or street dog .
Due to extreme poverty the streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs .
Celebrity doctors are seeing an increase in demand for Botox in their jowls .
The Nefertiti lift is a cosmetic procedure that defines the jaw line .
Ashley Pearson takes a look at the latest trend in antiageing .
Are these the ghostly disembodied boots of a samurai soldier?
Chatter online after mysterious image emerges of a little girl .
The photograph was taken in Kanagawa prefecture Japan last year .
A black pair of boots appear behind the small child .
However there is no evidence of anyone else in other photos .
'I know there are several very old samurai tombs' nearby .
The photographer purportedly insists it has not been photoshopped .
Madison Small woke up feeling ill on Monday night so was rushed to hospital but her organs began shutting down and she died on Tuesday .
The health department confirmed on Friday that she died of meningococcal meningitis  the school district's first case in two years .
The health department does not believe any one else is at risk but is monitoring people who came into close contact with her just in case .
Dina Nemtsova 13 made debut in photoshoot for Russian fashion label .
Her mother: 'I'm trying to help her overcome terrible killing of her father'
Nemtsov was gunned down near Kremlin while walking with his girlfriend .
Yom Hazikaron held this year on April 22 is Israel's official Memorial Day traditionally dedicated to fallen soldiers .
Sirens blasted across the country at 11am marking a twominute silence for people to pray and pay their respects .
Shoppers drivers classrooms and workplaces all come to standstill during emotional remembrance day .
Alec Stewart would like to hear more about the England team vacancy .
Former England wicketkeeper is currently director of cricket at Surrey .
Stewart says he has had no discussions with the ECB over the role .
Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of England team .
Rodgers will hold press briefing ahead of Arsenal match at 2pm .
Sterling set to dominate the agenda after moving closer to Anfield exit .
England star said he was not ready to sign a new contract with Liverpool .
20yearold has been offered a £100000aweek deal to stay .
READ: The rise of Raheem Sterling: From £60 a day at QPR to knocking back £100000perweek contracts at Liverpool .
CLICK for the latest Liverpool FC news and Sterling contract saga reaction .
Response across social media led to multiple trending topics for Hillary Clinton's presidential announcement .
Some responded to her video and her new campaign logo .
Tonya Stack wife of Mike Stack allegedly hurled drink at fundraiser .
Kevin Boyle who sits in PA House of Representatives says he was hit with obscene gesture called it 'trashy' then got covered in sticky drink .
Event was held in honor of Michael Strange who died in Afghanistan .
Boyle and Stack both Democrats have been in political power struggles .
Backed separate candidates for seats in house legislature .
Devastated fiance of late 'wellness warrior' Jessica Ainscough writes touching tribute to followers .
Ainscough 30 died in February following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer .
She advocated treating cancer with a vegan diet and coffee enemas .
Partner Tallon Pamenter who she was to marry this year said: 'My heart is in a million pieces'
'This year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every aspect of my life'
Mr Pamenter also revealed she underwent radiation in her final weeks .
Animal Liberation Victoria activists who broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm .
Activists found birds sick and dying in terrible living conditions .
Hens were in such a bad state they had to be removed from the cages .
Wagner's Poultry Farm denied they had done anything unethical .
Government department found no breaches under animal cruelty laws .
Jose Callejon finished a neat oneonone to send Napoli on way to victory .
Antonio Balzano scored a bizarre owngoal to double the away side's lead .
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini scored minutes after coming on for a third .
Christian Maggio earned a secondhalf red card but Napoli grabbed victory .
Chelsea forward Eden Hazard has been in superb form this season .
The Belgian scored the winning goal against Manchester United on Saturday to extend Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League table .
Manager Jose Mourinho believes Hazard is one of the best players in the world and holds him in similar esteem to Cristiano Ronaldo .
Nabil Bentaleb is locked in talks with Tottenham over a new contract .
Tottenham are keen on tying the Algeria international to new deal .
Spurs plan on offering Bentaleb new £35000perweek deal .
Clubs from across Europe are monitoring Bentaleb's situation .
READ: Danny Rose wanted by Man City but Spurs will fight to keep him .
Most of the planets we know about are around 10100 times closer .
Ogle2014BLG0124 was spotted due to its 'microlensing' effect .
Similar finds could help reveal the distribution of planets in the Milky Way .
Abused Muslim couple are 'hardworking honest and kind'
They moved from Pakistan years ago for a better life in Australia .
Stacey Eden 23 stood up for them as woman launched train rant .
Mr and Mrs Batthi's mosque have made her an extraordinarily kind offer .
They will pay for her to visit the Gold Coast and their mosque for a day .
Police sources have confirmed an investigation 'definitely' underway .
The identity of the ranter remains unknown .
Arsene Wenger called for the competition to be scrapped last year .
And Jose Mourinho is in agreement with his great Premier League rival .
The Chelsea boss said: 'Wenger is against the Ballon d’Or and  he’s right'
They are seven points ahead of Arsenal with a game in hand .
Mourinho: I have a problem I am getting better and better .
More details of the socalled 'everyday Americans' have been revealed .
Gardener Julie Stauch was state campaign manager for Wendy Davis .
Sean Bagniewski who appears with his wife has campaigned for Clinton .
But he held an event for likely rival O'Malley days before video's release .
Wave of deadly antiimmigrant violence has caused thousands to flee their homes in South Africa .
Immigrants fear further attacks despite clamp down by authorities .
"How am I going to pay the rent and feed my wife?" says one man .
U.S. President Obama Cuban President Raul Castro meet in Panama City .
The two nations  only 90 miles apart   have been at odds for more than 50 years .
Robert Knowles 68 from Plymouth first broke the law when he was just 13 .
He was jailed for 16 weeks for stealing  watch and cuff links in recent crime .
Pensioner has broken law so many times prosecutors lost track of record .
Knowles has now clocked up nearly 350 offences in his lifetime .
Wayne Rooney tells Juan Mata 'every day' England can win Euro 2016 .
Mata was voted Manchester United's player of the month for March .
Manchester United take on Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday .
Jamaluddin Jarjis former Malaysian ambassador to the U.S. among casualties .
Azlin Alias a member of the prime minister's staff also dies news agency reports .
English voters have grave concerns over Nicola Sturgeon's power plan .
Half believe Ms Sturgeon will have the upper hand over Ed Miliband .
Ukip has been gaining support from former Labour voters and not Tories .
The poll shows SNP are more interested in independence that the economy .
Survation interviewed 1004 people online on Friday and Saturday.
Chelsy 29 wore ripped jeans and chic blazer on night out in London .
It was the second consecutive night out for Prince Harry's ex .
Joined friends on Tuesday at launch of The Ivy Club Chelsea .
NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan believes we're close to finding alien life .
Indications within a decade definitive evidence within "20 to 30 years" she said .
Finding water on other celestial bodies is key to determination .
Russell Brand urges fans to sign up to mercy campaign for Bali Nine duo .
Brand dismisses Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft'
Brand posted that the pair did not deserve to face a firing squad .
He also encouraged fans to go to Sukumaran's exhibition in London .
His cousin organised the event at Amnesty International headquarters .
Vivid art festival will light up Sydney for the seventh year in a row this coming winter .
Has expanded beyond  CBD to the newly erected Central Park in Chippendale and  north shore suburb of Chatswood .
Will feature Customs House draped in flowers and translucent swings under the Harbour Bridge .
Also boasts a forest of eerie white gowns a glowing bar in Martin Place and will light up sails of the Opera House .
Asmir Begovic is entering the final year of his contract with Stoke City .
The 27yearold goalkeeper has been linked with other clubs previously .
Stoke are hopeful they can arrange a new deal to warn off potential suitors .
CLICK HERE for the latest Premier League news .
Bob Heslip 50 suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1)
Condition causes noncancerous lumps to appear all over his body .
He accepted offer to perform at freakshow on weekends as 'Bubble Boy'
Other performers include bearded lady and America's smallest couple .
He said: 'When I met the performers there was a feeling of belonging'
Julian Lines was captured scaling a sheer cliff face in the Cairngorms using only his fingers and feet for support .
The 42yearold from Northern Ireland said he has had some 'near misses' in his nearly 30 years of solo climbing .
But insists that 'life's problems evaporate' while edging towards the summit and describes climbing as 'simple'
Nineyearold William Kulk died in hospital on Sunday night .
His eightyearold sister Piper died on Sunday morning .
They were both involved in a horrific car crash on the NSW Central Coast .
Were travelling with elder brother mother and grandmother .
Elder brother Daniel 12 is in a stable condition in Westmead hospital .
Attachment was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke .
But the LAbased firm has now announced it is making the case a reality .
Called Smart Boy it attaches to a phone and works with existing cartridges .
Price and release details have not yet been announced .
Tracy Walters 48 and husband Ian 51 had been on a 'make or break trip'
He is accused of driving his 4x4 into a tree at 84mph and killing his wife .
Giving evidence he told jurors their sex life had been 'very fulfilling'
Anchor said that he 'made eye contact' with Egyptian government soldier on horse when the Tahrir Square protests became violent .
Williams told Jon Stewart that  soldier then beat protesters with whip .
Doubts raised about whether he was actually on the square in early 2011 .
His dispatches from the time of the uprising were done at balcony above it .
NBC committee investigating Williams is reportedly looking at the incident .
Review of his reporting continues after Iraq experiences were inflated .
Ashley Arenson said Dan Fredinburg 33 made those around him feel special .
Was one of four Americans to die at Mount Everest base camp on Saturday .
She said he returned to the area following the devastating avalanche in 2014 .
The engineer had been mapping out the area for Google Maps since 2013 .
Arenson urged people to live life to the fullest because that is what Dan did .
Parts of NSW are being hit with the worst weather in half a decade .
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their adventures .
Some are boogie boarding down floodwaters after beaches were closed .
Others decided to try their hand at windsurfing on a skateboard .
Samantha Fleming 23 and newborn daughter Serenity were last seen at their home in Anderson Indiana on April 5 .
Police believe a woman claiming to be a Child Protective Services employee convinced Fleming she had to attend a court hearing and kidnapped the two .
The threeweekold infant was discovered unharmed in the woman's Gary Indiana home along with a body on Friday .
On Saturday the body was identified as Fleming .
The alleged kidnapper was not at the home but found at a hospital in Texas .
Charges are pending and she has not been identified .
Police believe she faked a pregnancy and planned to keep the child .
Fiveyearold Ava Ciach from Geelong in Victoria had Sagittal Synostosis .
She had to have her skull removed smashed  and put together like a jigsaw .
Her mother Stacey is speaking out about the complex operation to raise awareness for the Royal Children's Hospital's Good Friday Appeal .
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion .
Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run .
Technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner .
And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 21 at Selhurst Park on Monday night .
Glenn Murray netted his fifth goal in five games to open the scoring .
Murray now has best goalsperminute ratio of anyone in Premier League .
Search archive can be downloaded by visiting history.google.com .
Feature exports all your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive .
Google is also allowing the option of deleting search archive entirely .
Sisters one 61 and the other 58 unable to agree because of  mutual hatred .
Judge Denzil Lush said one could be jailed for trying to alter a document .
Lost control of a £600000 house and savings and shares worth £100000 .
Police collated the fourpage dossier following an investigation in 1964 .
The band were linked to the paedophile brothel in Battersea London .
Jimmy Savile was known to attend the same London brothel in the 1970s .
Operation Yewtree detectives have been busy examining the old files .
The total eclipse lasted 4 minutes and 43 seconds .
People west of the Mississippi River had the best view in the U.S.
Parts of South America India China and Russia were able to see the eclipse .
Infamous Limbs in Loch killer William Beggs was attacked in prison .
Serving life for murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace in 1999 .
Scalded when fellow prisoner threw hot water on him in revenge attack .
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet a whole wheat bun and corn and then posted it online .
'Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing'Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said .
The School Nutrition association doesn't think Michelle Obama's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed .
Chelsea Ellen Bruck 22 was last seen in the early hours of October 26 in Frenchtown Township Michigan dressed as the Batman villain Poison Ivy .
Police searched an area near a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan .
The sheriff's office declined to discuss media reports that part of Chelsea's costume were found .
She was last seen in the parking lot with darkhaired man at 3am .
The party had to be shut down after numbers swelled from 500 to 800 people .
Bunkie King was a 15yearold Sydney schoolgirl when she met the actor .
Jack Thompson was twice her age and they had a 15year relationship .
During this time Ms King was also involved with her older sister Leona .
The 60yearold has two sons with her exhusband and works in nursing .
Thompson and Leona are still in a relationship and live in regional NSW .
Sylvia Matzkowiak who goes by Goldie Berlin is a German Instagrammer travelling everywhere from Fiji to Canada .
Though The Blonde Gypsy may have been born in California she's become famous for her stunning Balkan snaps .
And when it comes to celebrities Shay Mitchell and Beyonce are redefining what it means to be a jetsetter .
Forprofit school closing after being fined $30million by Dept of Education .
Corinthian found to have misrepresented student job placement data .
Californiabased company closes schools largely on the West Coast .
Students face thousands in student loan debts with no answers as to whether they will receive refunds .
Institution generated $1.2billion in government loans its final year .
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day .
Opening statements are scheduled Monday in the trial of James Holmes .
Jury selection took three months .
Holmes faces 165 counts in the movie theater massacre that killed 12 people .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .
He is the richest sportsman in the world and will earn $180m next month .
But he makes no attempt to conceal his wealth on social media .
And Marvin Hagler claims his behaviour does not befit a world champion .
Paul Casey was the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at Augusta .
The Englishman made the last of his eight Masters appearances in 2012 .
He has the tools in his armoury to do well at the first major of the year .
The 2015 Masters gets underway at Augusta National next Thursday .
Manchester City lost in the Under 21 Premier League at Upton Park .
Dan Potts gave the home side the lead with a header after 11 minutes .
Adam Drury put the ball past his own goalkeeper to double the lead .
Olivier Ntcham pulled a goal back for Patrick Vieira's side but they lost out .
A man dressed as the Cookie Monster in Times Square was arrested .
Ranulfo Perez was accused of aggressively hugging a 16yearold girl and then 'forcibly' touching her breasts outside a Toys R Us store .
But he was released and police said they would not be prosecuting because they could not be sure teenager had identified correct man .
Perez protested his innocence and said it 'could have been anyone'
Ukip leader said 'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe .
He said Britain could only take 'a few thousand' refugees but no more .
Up to 950 refugees drowned trying to reach Italy on Saturday .
Boris Johnson called on the PM to send the SAS to Libya to solve crisis .
The film will premiere on Memorial Day .
It opened last year's Cannes Film Festival .
A planned March theater release was scrubbed .
Police are investigating suspected arson attacks on three Melbourne churches with links to paedophile priests .
Firefighters were called to St Mary's Dandenong at 2am on April 1 .
The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by nowdeceased Father Kevin O'Donnell .
Police have released an image of 'a man that may be able to assist with their enquiries'
Comes after two separate suspicious blazes were lit on March 30 .
Fatherofone Paul Shorter 31 had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl .
He was giving teenager oneonone tuition at Rydens School in Surrey .
Court heard he had series of liaisons in 'serious breach' of his position .
Admitted string of sex offences at Guidlford Crown Court yesterday .
Real Madrid haven't beaten local rivals Atletico in six attempts this season .
They clash in the first leg of the Champions League last eight on Tuesday .
Marcelo says the players are not thinking about their recent record .
Olympic hero Bruce Jenner appears on Vanity Fair cover as "Caitlyn"
Transgender people in the United States are riding an unprecedented wave of visibility .
Shows such as "Transparent" "Orange is the New Black" have raised awareness .
The Vivienne Westwood suite will debut at The London West Hollywood .
Opening in May the 11000 square foot suite is dubbed the largest in LA .
The English designer's cushions tapestries and scarves are on display .
Guests can have an exclusive hour of shopping at Westwood's store .
Reanne Evans fell to a shock defeat by Hong Kong's Ng On Yee .
Her 10year reign as world snooker champion has come to an end .
In 2010 Evans had become the first woman for 16 years to be given the chance to qualify for men's snooker events .
Travis Hatfield 21 from West Virginia performed with his 47yearold uncle .
Their video went viral with more than 410000 views .
The singer says he is how receiving offers from record labels .
While Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson was weighing an Arkansas religious freedom bill Walmart voiced its opposition .
Walmart and other highprofile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights .
Their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative Republicans traditionally seen as allies .
Nicole McDonough of Mount Olive New Jersey was indicted on three counts of official misconduct in March .
The 32yearold married mother of two and English teacher at West Morris Mendham High School was arrested December 30 .
Allegedly had improper relations with two 18yearold male students and a 'physical sexual relationship' with a third .
McDonough pleaded not guilty at her first court appearance in January .
She is now applying for PreTrail Intervention program in hopes of having her criminal record expunged .
Farmers named him Big Ben as he dwarfs other 85 ewes born this season .
Mum is experienced sevenyearold but other offspring all weighed 810lbs .
Born two weeks after biggest ever lamb born in Wales weighing 24lbs .
Man found on the street in western Poland who only speaks English .
The 6ft3in gingerhaired man has no memory of where he is from .
He told police he has no idea why he is in Poland or how he got there .
The boa constrictor is still on the loose on Queensland's Gold Coast .
Police released it into the wild because they thought it was a python .
The South American snake poses a biosecurity hazard .
Snake catcher Tony Harrison said it was probably imported illegally .
Fears that if the snake is pregnant up to 30 live young could also be loose .
Massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake has struck Nepal near its capital Kathmandu .
As the death toll rises witnesses describe devastation and panic .
Azle has recently been shaken by 27 quakes with magnitude two or greater .
Scientists say this is the result of injecting wastewater into the ground .
This increases pore pressure in the rock causing faults to 'fail' more easily .
Peter Hamilton intervened after woman emerged from a home in Toronto .
She said a man armed with a gun and a knife had held her for five days .
Victim started screaming for help when the suspect fell asleep inside .
43yearold Rejean Hermel Perron has been charged with multiple offences .
Detectives working on the case believe there could be further victims .
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid meet for the fifth and sixth time in Europe .
That brings them level with Inter and AC Milan in number of city duels .
There will have been eight Madrid derbies by the end of this season .
No city showdown has been played more time in recent years .
SEE where Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale unwind after Madrid training .
Philippe Coutinho has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year .
Brazil international arrived at Liverpool from Inter Milan for £8.5m in 2013 .
Serie A side admit they should have shown more patience with Reds star .
Teana Walsh assistant prosecutor in Wayne County Michigan wrote Facebook post .
Said she watched violent rioters in Baltimore and found them 'disgusting'
Suggested that shooting them was the only solution  then deleted post .
Her bosses were forced to issue statement defending her .
Sunday's party marked the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War and was held in a rural Brazilian town colonized by families fleeing Reconstruction .
Thousands turn out every year including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants settled here from 1865 to around 1875 .
Amid food and beer stands bedecked with redwhiteandblue ribbons extended families tucked into dietbusting barbecue and hamburger lunches as 'Dixie' played on a loop .
Man proposes to his girlfriend in front of the food counter .
She quickly says 'Yes' and they engage in a passionate embrace .
Woman was wearing her McDonald's uniform when he proposed .
Police make dramatic arrest after woman's body is found in man's car .
The man 27yearold man had been on the run since Wednesday night .
'Show me your hands!' the arresting police officer screams at the man .
He gives himself up without a struggle and his taken away by police .
Police are yet to identify body of the woman found in the car in Bermagui .
Detectives are investigating if there's a link to missing Canberra couple .
Daniella D’Addario 35 was reported missing on Monday along with her boyfriend Josaia (Joey) Vosikata 27 .
Ms D'Addario was a teacher at Canberra High School in 2009 .
Sarah Stage 30 welcomed son James Hunter into the world last Tuesday .
The baby boy weighed eight pounds seven ounces and was 22 inches long .
During her pregnancy Sarah was criticized for her trim figure and abs .
Amber Rachdi 24 weighed an unhealthy 46st at her heaviest .
Student from Oregon was confined to her home and was always in pain .
Has turned her life around after having bariatric surgery .
Ms Rachdi has shed an impressive 20st and weighs 26st (377lb)
Amber Rachdi appears on My 600lb Life Thursday at  9pm on TLC .
Coutinho hit the only goal of the game as Liverpool beat Blackburn .
They will meet Aston Villa in the semifinals a week on Sunday .
Liverpool skipper Henderson had not slept the night before the game as his wife gave birth to his second daughter .
Boss Brendan Rodgers revealed Henderson had no thoughts about missing the match .
'He said to me "Boss as soon as the baby's out I'll be coming back"' Rodgers explained .
Video emerged showing two French tourists torching a quokka .
Footage sees men laugh after igniting the creature with aerosol and lighter .
The men were given the choice of paying $4000 or spending a week in jail .
The pair were released from jail on Thursday after choosing the latter .
The stay cost taxpayers $1810 a day despite them having $12000 savings .
Animal rights activists have said that the punishment was too lenient .
Bruce started hormone therapy and had plastic surgery to look more feminine in the late 1980s .
He was inspired by the story of transgender tennis player Renee Richards who was born a man and in 1976 won the right to compete as a woman .
Olympic decathlete reveals he halted the gender transition process after meeting Kris Kardashian in late 1990 .
Bruce and Kris married in April 1991 and had two daughters before their divorce last December .
Lucas Akins scored twice as Burton Albion were promoted to League One .
Morecambe victory secured Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side promotion .
Shrewsbury are just one victory away from securing League One football .
Bury beat Portsmouth to secure record seven away wins in succession .
Kim Sears  watched Novak Djokovic defeat Andy Murray at the Miami Open .
Looked serious in a Whistles black mini dress sunglasses and straw hat .
Third time Kim 27 has worn a black dress at the Miami Open .
Frankie Franz watched the  rightback pull off the audacious shot in a video .
Nineyearold joked with his mum and grandmother that he could make it .
Youngster moved hoop into middle of the garden and twice achieved feat .
Frankie is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club .
He plays centre midfield and dreams of one day turning out for Barcelona .
Association of Professional Flight Attendants argues Nicole Kidman's Etihad deal is at odds with UN Women's Goodwill Ambassador role .
Kidman stars in Etihad's new 'Hollywood Glamour' global brand campaign .
Union is waging a campaign against Etihad and United Arab Emirates airlines due to treatment of female employees .
Etihad has rejected allegations saying employees are their top priority .
An echidna is filmed swimming in turquoise waters at Victoria's Rye Beach .
The landbased mammal looks to be using its anteating snout as a snorkel .
Echidnas are  proficient swimmers believed to have evolved from aquatic ancestors like the platypus .
DeShawn Isabelle allegedly punched the woman in the head and dragged her to the ground by her hair before repeatedly beating her in Chicago train .
Isabelle stole $2000 of the woman's cash and her iPhone prosecutors said .
Teen allegedly spent the money on junk food and Air Jordan track suits .
Woman suffered a concussion and cuts and bruises all over her body. Prosecutors said she was still vomiting two days later from her injuries .
Isabelle confessed to robbing beating and sexually assaulting the woman on the CTA after his mother turned him in according to prosecutors .
Some local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show support for change .
Business owners have given workers opportunities to peacefully demonstrate .
Several businesses dealing with destruction looting from Monday riot .
Marianne Power decided to live by a different selfhelp guru each month .
Marianne attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar .
Robbins has counselled Bill Clinton Nelson Mandela and more .
Jane Laut 57 stands accused of shooting dead her bronze medalist shotputter husband Dave Laut in August 2009 .
Laut claims selfdefense while prosecutors say she's a murderer  however they were unable to get a case together by the time of the trial .
When a California judge threw out the prosecution's request again delay the several times postponed trial they dropped the charges and refiled .
The defense calls the maneuver an unprofessional delay tactic almost unheard of in a murder case .
Fireball Cinnamon Whisky is the fastestgrowing big brand of liquor in America .
The liquor has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice .
Whisky expert: "Fireball is an incredible phenomenon. The growth ... has just been astounding"
Barry Selby from Dorset was eating bag of Tesco cheese and onion crisps .
The 54yearold discovered a snack shaped like profile of the human skull .
He said he was 'shocked' with the find and has decided to 'keep it forever'
It's not his first weird food find  he once discovered a heartshaped crisp .
The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am .
Both drivers were taken to hospital with nonlifethreatening injuries .
As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the overhanging truck replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers .
On the highway there were also massive delays .
Investigators have found more body parts from where MH17 fell in Ukraine .
Also discovered personal possessions including jewellery and bracelets .
MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed .
Plane downed on July 17 2014 killed all 298 passengers and crew on board .
Arsenal's Arsene Wenger has won March's Manager of the Month award .
It is the 14th time the Frenchman has claimed the prize .
Manchester United's Sir Alex Ferguson won it the most  27 times .
David Moyes claimed the accolade 10 times when at Everton .
Jose Mourinho (3) has won it fewer times than Joe Kinnear (4)
An English manager has won on 75 occasions Scots on 52 .
Joe Anderson 56 earns £80000 in fulltime job as the Mayor of Liverpool .
Was also taking annual payments of £4500 from Chesterfield High School .
When school stopped payouts he tried to sue them for discrimination .
Appeal tribunal rejected claim he was punished for belief in public service .
Roberto Martinez unconcerned by Romelu Lukaku's link with Mino Raiola .
Raiola has been involved in transfer deals worth over £400million .
Martinez backs Ross Barkley to learn from his difficult season .
Eden Hazard will make his 100th league appearance for Chelsea on Sunday .
The Belgian's form dipped when Roberto Di Matteo left the club .
But Jose Mourinho's return helped take Hazard to another level .
The midfielder has slowly bought into the dressing room culture .
Initially he was one of the first to leave the training ground .
In time he could rival Gianfranco Zola as the club's greatest player .
Gregory van der Wiel doesn't want to leave PSG in the summer window .
The Dutchman revealed his 'love' for the club and his teammates .
PSG continue to be linked with a move for Barcelona full back Dani Alves .
Atletico Madrid drew 00 with Real Madrid in first leg at Vicente Calderon .
Mandzukic was battered and bruised during the quarterfinal match .
The Atletico striker came to blows with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal .
Diego Simeone says Mandzukic should be fit for Wednesday's second leg .
David Cameron will launch 'job manifesto' with plans for 'full employment'
Tories will extend national insurance breaks worth £2000 to smaller firms .
PM is 'angry' at Labour's claim Tories are 'party for the few not the many'
He will say Miliband's economic policies risk putting millions out of work .
Chelsea forward Tammy Abraham nets firsthalf double for Chelsea .
Dominic Solanke adds a third late on as Chelsea look set to win trophy .
Manchester City struggle without injured star Thierry Ambrose .
READ: Mourinho warns his young Chelsea players he cannot play them all .
CLICK HERE to read our match report from Man City's Academy Stadium .
Comedian Maria McErlane travelled with buddy Doon Mackichan .
The pair swam morning noon and night in the Andaman Sea .
Serenaded by macaques and dusky leaf monkeys .
The Juventus starting lineup which faced Monaco had average age of 30years and 64days .
Juventus have one step in Champions League semifinals after 10 win .
Inter Milan hold record for oldest side to play in Europe's elite competition .
Portsmouth fielded most experienced XI to play in the Premier League .
Walter Scott owed over $18000 in back child support payments documents show .
Walter Scott had four children and served in the Coast Guard his brother says .
He was shot in the back and killed by a North Charleston police officer .
Channel 7 were left red faced after letting a rude name appear on screen .
A donation for $32.38 earned Hugh. G Rection some screen time .
Twitter users were quick to identify the onscreen blunder .
The telethon appeal for the Royal Children's Hospital saw a record breaking number of donations .
Castleford Tigers defeated Hull KR 254 in the Super League on April 11 .
Australian winger Justin Carney dislocated his elbow during win .
James Clare is expected to take Carney's place against Widnes on Sunday .
Check It was formed by group of 'bullied ninth graders' in the Washington DC neighborhood of Trinidad in 2005 .
It is the only recorded gang of gay and transgender youths in America with more than 200 members at present .
New documentary also called Check It tells how members are now trying to break cycle of poverty and violence .
They are working on their own clothing label putting on fashion shows and even doing stints as runway models .
One of the film's codirectors said: 'Being gay and black... it's like a nightmare waiting to happen'
The sentences came after a trial in Pakistan a judge says .
Malala Yousafzai is an outspoken advocate for the education of girls .
She was attacked in Pakistan in 2012 .
Presidential hopeful's video featuring gay couple gets mature rating in Russia .
Russian TV channel feared airing it would break the country's antigay propaganda law .
Clinton announced her support for samesex marriage in 2013 .
Two 17yearolds have not been in contact with families for several days .
'Told relatives they were going on a school trip during Easter holidays'
One is 'relative of Hammaad Munshi who joined Islamic cell aged just 15'
Hundreds were evacuated from a Big Top circus after rain tore through it .
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas .
Cars floated across Harris County in half a foot of rain on Saturday .
Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia 39 specializes in creating lifelike bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders .
To make her dolls she often uses real furs such as mink and fox which she removes from old hats collars or coats .
CCTV shows a man fall while walking along Philadelphia platform .
Bystanders jump back in shock but one instinctively leaps after him .
Good Samaritan pushes the fallen man onto the platform then jumps up .
Oldham have signed 16yearold winger Ronaldo Brown .
Brown was released by Liverpool and has joined the League One club .
He is named after Brazilian  Ronaldo and has a brother called Rivaldo .
Brown also has a younger sister called Trezeguet .
The State Library is showing a collection of photographs taken in the 1800's by the first hand held camera .
The photographs were taken in the 1880's by Arthur Syer a 27year old man living in Sydney .
The hand held camera was the first time people could be photographed without their knowledge .
Amateur photographers using the 'Detective Camera' initiated the first talks about surveillance and privacy laws .
This was also the first chance people had to use a camera if they weren't trained in the science behind photography .
The exhibition will run from April 4 to August 23 .
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth launched an attack on English cricket .
The Sportsmail writer criticised their handling of the Kevin Pietersen affair .
Booth was also scathing of England's late decision to sack Alastair Cook as oneday captain on the eve of the World Cup .
Moeen Ali stars on the cover of Wisden released on Wednesday .
Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara named leading cricketer in the world .
Australia's Meg Lanning is honoured with the inaugural women's award .
Daniel Andersson Helsinborg's 42yearold kit man kept a clean sheet .
The emergency stopper played in season opener against Kalmar .
Henrik Larsson's firstchoice goalkeepers were both out injured .
The former goalkeeper earned one cap for Sweden back in 2001 .
Omar Hussain from High Wycombe often posts about life in Islamic State .
27yearold moans of one jihadi who left him on his own to defend position .
The next day he went online to say westerners should stop being 'cowards'
Some fighters moan like 'menstruating women' about guns they're given .
Chad Mendes expects war with Ricardo Lamas in Saturday's main event .
Having both fallen to featherweight champion Jose Aldo in the past both men feel a win could put them back in title contention .
Lamas thinks that both he and Mendes will drag the best out of each other .
Mendes sees Aldo taking July 11's title fight with Conor McGregor .
Two of the lightweight division's best strikers Al Iaquinta and Jorge Masvidal meet in the comain event .
Talks run until early Thursday morning expected to resume hours later .
Iranian minister: Other side must "seize the moment" not try to pressure Iran .
U.S. official: "It is still totally unclear when this might happen if it happens at all"
Lily Sharp convinced her mother that she had been kidnapped .
She text her mum pretending to be a kidnapper demanding a ransom .
Unsurprisingly her panicked parent did not find the trick funny .
Twitter post received 18000 retweets and 25000 favourites .
Karla Hornby 29 gave birth 12 weeks prematurely on holiday in Benidorm .
Baby Freddie weighed just 2lbs after being born by emergency caesarean .
Hospital staff said he needs to build up his strength before he flies home .
It means Ms Hornby and her partner face being stranded for three months .
Scottish football coverage is at the mercy of Sky and BT's schedules .
Yet Scottish football is never afforded the same precedence as England's .
The demand for Scottish football is nearing an alltime low .
Agnese Klavina 30 vanished from Puerto Banus resort on September 6 .
Had been on night out at Aqwa Mist nightclub popular with rich and famous .
Westley Capper 37 has already admitted driving her away in a Mercedes .
He declined to answer questions in appearance before Spanish judge .
Coaccused Craig Porter 33 was in the car and also said nothing in court .
Capper's dad John specialises in buying and selling luxury properties .
Jose Mourinho has spoken about his first meeting with Sir Alex Ferguson .
Mourinho's Porto beat Manchester United in the 2004 Champions League .
The Portuguese says Fergie's respect in defeat has influenced him .
Mourinho: I have a problem I am getting better and better .
READ: Mourinho sides with Arsene Wenger in Ballon d'Or opposition .
Researchers claim using exact prices when selling goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers .
Sellers who end prices with ‘00’ typically receive offers up to 8% lower .
However goods with round numbers typically sell faster the study claims .
Darren Goddard met first wife Aggi while based in Germany with the Army .
The pair had a son called Lewis before their marriage broke down .
Mr Goddard of Hampshire returned to UK and never had contact with son .
But Lewis' appeal to find father appeared on Mr Goddard's Facebook page .
Vijaya Gadde said social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked'
She claims it is because scope and scale of problem was not recognised .
Twitter has tripled the size of team that deals with online abuse she said .
Antibullying campaigners long complained Twitter is sanctuary for trolls .
Brett Robinson 33 facing 12 charges after allegedly letting an inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .
Allegedly brought him into the control room where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket .
Relationship continued and Robinson wrote inmate a love letter saying he was 'a constant presence in my thoughts fantasies and dreams'
Was caught during an investigation into colleague Jill Curry 39 .
Judge ruled Wednesday that Robinson's lawyers waited too long to file an insanity defense earlier this month with her trial set to start next week .
A psychologists report that she suffers from mental illness has been ruled insufficient .
Hill was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer when she was 18 and by last September she was told she would not live past December .
She passed away in hospital on Friday after defying doctors' expectations .
Last year the NCAA agreed to bring the season's first game forward so she could achieve her dream of playing collegiate basketball .
She ultimately played four games for Mount St. Joseph University before her health forced her to quit and coach instead .
She continued to raise awareness for her cancer and raised $1.5 million .
India predicted to outpace China as as world's fastestgrowing economy in next year .
China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth .
But experts say India simply can't size up against China's raw economic might .
The cheeky cards were given by men to women in 19th century America .
Some were romantic in tone others more blunt  but they were always very polite .
Many men would ask for the card back in return if they were rejected .
Aged 42 Robin Rinaldi believed she had conceived a longedfor child .
The pregnancy test was negative and her husband had a vasectomy .
Rinaldi then demanded an open marriage and slept with 12 people in a year .
Women beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions .
Dozens of workers have been sacked and deported for 'illegal' strike .
Bangladeshi migrant workers had held peaceful threeday walkout .
Snack amnesiacs are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack .
Situational snackers have busy schedules and are often stressed out .
Super snackers plan ahead and nibble only when their body tells them to .
The jockey fell at Wexford on 10 April and suffered serious injuries .
Robbie McNamara however says he is feeling 'optimistic' as he recovers .
He broke eight ribs cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs .
Gemma 34 gives FEMAIL a peek at her extended clothing collection .
New additions include a lacy LBD and a set of floral kimonos .
The blonde star of The Only Way Is Essex says 'confidence' is key .
Headmaster Peter Tait claimed parents should trust their child's educators .
Excessive interference could harm their children's development he said .
He made the comments for article in preparatory school magazine Attain .
Pep Guardiola blamed injuries for his side's disappointing defeat to Porto .
Bayern Munich's players were guilty of poor individual errors for the goals .
Porto boss Julen Lopetegui is now dreaming of a semifinal place .
Liverpool beat Manchester United 10 in the FA Cup fifth round in 2006 .
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle during the game .
Reports claimed Liverpool fans attacked the ambulance with Smith in .
Santi Cazorla has been in the best form of his career for Arsenal this year .
Spanish midfielder's displays have seen him linked to Atletico Madrid .
Cazorla says he has heard of interest but is happy to stay in north London .
READ: Arsene Wenger reveals secrets of his team selection process .
CLICK HERE for the latest Arsenal news .
Britain's banks set aside £4.7billion last year in PPI compensation last year .
Another £2.3billion was earmarked for fines for rigging foreign markets .
Total charge of wrongdoing last year was £9.9billion figures revealed .
Photos are were taken at one of Australia's popular beaches Jervis Bay which is in the south coast of NSW .
The fluorescent glow is caused by millions of plankton omitting light says photographer Andy Hutchinson .
A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014 .
Iain Suthers of University of New South Wales says the algae blossoms in the spring and the autumn .
Olivia Phillips 30 rocked headtotoe Moschino .
Went to the supermarket and an art event  and got lots of attention .
People stared helped her with her shopping and said she looked like a cake .
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app .
It calculates what you would look like if you lost specified weight .
Inputting your height weight and target weight reveals you new look .
The app is available now for both iOS and Android .
Mark Hand 39 was left wheelchair bound due to a tumour on his spine .
Tried to claim for a disability grant to adapt his house with new bathroom .
But was told that as his wife Kate works he wouldn't be entitled to grant .
Will be expected to spend all of his time in his living room with adaptations .
Darren Gough was Kevin Pietersen's best man and is a close friend of his .
Pietersen has rejoined Surrey hoping to earn a place in the Ashes squad .
But Gough believes there is still only a slim chance of an England return .
Gough  competes in the Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge this summer .
Johanna Basford has sold 1.4million copies of her book Secret Garden .
The trend for grownups colouring in is said to have started in France .
Craze has spread across the globe with fans starting colouringin groups .
Experts say the pursuit allows those doing it to rediscover their creativity .
Fareed Zakaria: ISIS has thrived because of a local Sunni cause in Syria and Iraq .
Leaders of ISIS have recognized they are a messaging machine he says .
Manchester City have slipped out of title race in a disappointing season .
Joe Hart admits Premier League champions are 'not where they want to be'
City No 1 claimed loss to Manchester United was particularly tough to take .
AP McCoy has his final two rides at Sandown in Surrey on Saturday .
No sane jockey would ever try to emulate 20time champion jockey .
McCoy will be hoping to bow out on a winner with Box Office at Saturday .
The Sandown track is completely sold out as fans bid farewell to a hero .
Arsene Wenger is a great admirer of Raheem Sterling while both he and Theo Walcott are struggling to negotiate new deals .
Sterling has scored more goals and provided more assists this season .
Walcott is an example of unrealised potential that Sterling must avoid .
David Billing 48 diagnosed with cancer after being left unable to swallow .
Had 14hour surgery during which doctors sawed through his jawbone .
Needed new tongue created from arm skin which allowed him to talk .
But skin still has hairs on it meaning he now needs to shave his mouth .
Ed Miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party yesterday in Chester .
He allowed bride on board his campaign bus so she could have a 'selfie'
Bride Nicola Braithwaite was met with whoops and cheers from 25 hens .
Labour leader highfived a few of the women before they had group 'selfie'
If you were on this hen party please email jenny.awford@dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835 .
Everton have won their last three games and visit Swansea on Saturday .
Swansea manager Garry Monk is hoping to stifle Everton's revival .
Swansea beat them in November and have been on a good run themselves .
Florian Thauvin has been left out of Marseille's squad with Metz .
Marseille are pushing for a £15m sale and Tottenham are interested .
The winger has also been watched by Chelsea and La Liga side Valencia .
Stephanie Scott 26 was due to marry Aaron LeesonWoolley this Saturday .
She vanished on Sunday while brimming with excitement about wedding .
Police have charged man 24 with her murder despite not finding her body .
Family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office reserve deputy Robert Bates faces a charge of seconddegree manslaughter for the April 2 shooting of Eric Harris .
Records include training certificates job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 .
Some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses .
He kept his Taser near his chest and his gun on his right side  but insisted the mixup could have happened to anyone .
Bates said he had completed all proper training and was not allowed to 'play cop' just because he had donated equipment to the sheriff's office .
East Asia sees soaring rates of myopia with 8090% of young adult population affected .
Evidence that myopia rates are increasing in Europe and the U.S.
Scientists advice for kids: Go outside and play .
Philadelphia police add attempted murder to list of charges mom will face .
Mom told police son was with her in Maryland but he was found Friday alone in woods .
Victim being treated for malnutrition dehydration mother faces host of charges after extradition .
Set in a remote valley The Shire of Montana is located about 100 miles south of the USCanada border .
It is built into a hill on a 20acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes fairy doors and a troll house .
There is no mobile phone service as the 1000 square foot guest house is located entirely underground .
Real Madrid beat Malaga 31 on Saturday but Gareth Bale got injured .
They face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarterfinals .
Welshman has a calf problem that could sideline him on Wednesday .
Luka Modric is also missing for Real and could be out for six weeks .
Ms Scott's funeral will take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre .
She was set to marry her fiancé at the venue last Saturday .
She disappeared from  Leeton High School on Easter Sunday .
Reverend Jonno Williams says funeral will be held on Wednesday .
The venue is in  Eugowra near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra in rural Central West NSW .
Reverend Williams says it'll be especially hard for the town's young people .
'She was a very friendly and cheerful girl' Reverend Williams says .
School cleaner Vincent Stanford 24 has been charged with her murder .
Dame Barbara Hakin 57 facing threat of a new inquiry over patient safety .
Calls for inquiry into claims she risked lives in a drive to meet set targets .
Accused of gagging whistleblower Gary Walker who tried to warn of risks .
General Medical Council said no case to answer but reviewing its decision .
Oribe Peralta scored a late equaliser to earn American a draw .
Montreal Impact had led through Ignacio Piatti's firsthalf header .
The second leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final is next week .
Nigel ReoCoker played 76 minutes before he was replaced .
Scottish TV presenter  has lost weight through regular Zumba classes .
Dance routine has helped 55yearold Lorraine drop two dress sizes .
Has also found a friend for life in Zumba instructor Maxine Jones .
Read the full interview in this week's issue of Woman on sale Tuesday 14 April .
The former U.S. Army General appeared in court in Charlotte North Carolina on Thursday for his sentencing hearing .
He admitted to giving his biographer mistress classified material he had improperly kept from the military  which carried up to a year in prison .
But he was instead sentenced to two years probation and a $100000 fine .
Speaking after Petraeus apologized for his 'mistakes' but thanked his supporters and said he was looking forward to moving on with his life .
He had an affair with Paula Broadwell between late 2011 and summer 2012 and stepped down from the CIA after the relationship emerged .
The 37yearold welcomed her first daughter Cecilia Kathryn into the world on February 9 .
Maggie and her husband Alex Mehran are also parents to two sons threeyearold Zander and twoyearold Quinnlann Clancy .
The parents are enjoying a beach vacation with their three children .
The A&E networks are remaking the blockbuster "Roots" miniseries to air in 2016 .
The epic 1977 miniseries about an AfricanAmerican slave had 100 million viewers .
Italian couple fined £9000 for having noisy sex in San Martino apartment .
Neighbours took them to court in 2009 over 'deafening' sex session noise .
Pair now ordered to pay damages to nearby residents for noise pollution .
"High Profits" follows the owners of a recreational marijuana dispensary .
The CNN Original Series airs Sundays at 10 p.m. ET .
Raffle raised £1388863 for Dorsetbased charity Julia's House .
Winner to join Ironman actor for Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron premiere .
Charity will use cash to build a new hospice in Wiltshire .
Porto beat Bayern Munich 31 in Champions League quarterfinal first leg .
Pep Guardiola is confident his side can overturn the difference at home .
The Bayern boss says 'only the treble' will suffice for his team this year .
Apple Watch Sport edition costs $349 (£299) and has an IonX glass screen .
'Durable' screen shattered when the watch's face hit the ground first .
Screen damage is not covered for free repairs in the Apple Watch warranty .
But another test has shown the device lives up to Apple's waterproof claims after it survived 15 minutes in a swimming pool .
Officer Michael Slager's mother says she couldn't watch the video of the incident .
Slager was fired earlier this week .
Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott .
Health expert Mark Bellis says alcohol abuse goes back as far as ancient civilisations such as the Greeks and Mesopotamians .
The Egyptians used to warn against mixing alcoholic drinks with drugs .
Authorities tackled public drunkenness with street lights and advertising .
Edinho has been hired as coach of the second division side .
Rivaldo currently serves as Mogi Mirim's president .
Edinho is the son of Brazilian legend Pele .
He is appealing a 33year prison sentence .
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City this summer .
Wilshere has not played a firstteam game for Arsenal since November 22 .
A host of Arsenal players have defected to Man City in the past .
Samir Nasri Gael Clichy and Bacary Sagna have all moved to the Etihad .
READ: Arsenal would be foolish to dismiss £30m or more for Wilshere .
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on on loan last summer .
Falcao has struggled for form and games since his move .
The Colombian forward is currenlty earning £280000 a week .
Motherinlaw is often jokingly portrayed as least favourite family member .
Poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of Brits .
They said their pet dog was more important to them than their inlaws .
Research found households where children had multiparental figures was also on the rise .
Tanker carrying fracking wastewater struck by lightning in Greeley Colorado about 1pm Friday .
Fracking water contains traces of gas and petroleum causing the tanker to explode .
Other trucks also exploded as a result of fires at the facility owned by NGL Energy Partners .
Firefighters had to wait for the fires to subside before entering because they were ignited by oil .
There were no injuries but the facility appears destroyed .
The site is used to pump fracking wastewater into the ground .
Storms swept from the Upper Midwest to the Southeast on Friday and Saturday .
North Texas was placed on a severe thunderstorm warning Saturday night particularly Fort Worth and Dallas .
The Academy of Country Music’s Party for a Cause festival at Globe Life Park Arlington threatened .
Houston suffered serious floods Friday night as rivers and bayous overflowed from the rain .
The Girl In The Spider's Web is fourth installment in Stieg Larsson's series .
Written and translated on computers with no web connection to avoid leaks .
Plot kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .
Nate Silver predicts the Conservatives will win 283 seats and Labour 274 .
Means both David Cameron or Ed Miliband could find it all but impossible to cobble together a workable coalition – let alone rule on their own .
Respected US pollster predicted results of 2008 US election almost exactly .
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater Tennessee went into a coma after a car accident in December .
Doctors forced delivery of her baby in January and Giles opened her eyes for the first time earlier this month .
She is still nonverbal and is on a ventilator to help her breathe but has moved her head when she recognizes voices .
Her mother Anna Moser believes Giles will make a full recovery and will be able to raise her son on her own .
Jade Badland and her husband Aaron were drunk after wedding reception .
When they got back to hotel she asked Asian family if they had Ebola .
The couple also assaulted Brazilian worker calling her a 'bloody foreigner'
They were both spared jail and ordered to carry out community service .
Gianluigi Buffon has picked his alltime Champions League XI .
37yearold goalkeeper has made 418 appearances for Juventus .
Buffon opts for a number of former teammates including Paval Nedved .
Italian decides to keep himself out of the team and selects Iker Casillas .
CLICK HERE to see Ronaldinho's Champions League dream team .
Daniel Buccheri left guests at his brother's wedding in tears .
Mr Buccheri performed his best man's speech through song .
The song documented his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah's story .
It also delved into their childhood leaving the groom filled with tears .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Hundreds gathered to see bodies of alleged killers paraded through town .
Naked corpses went on show as student who hid in wardrobe was rescued .
Cynthia Cheroitich 19 had feared police were gunmen but emerged today .
Terrorists killed 148 people in the Garissa University College massacre .
Larry Upright wrote impassioned plea for people not to send the Democrat to the White House in 2016 .
Family said that Upright would most likely be 'up there giggling right now'
Thomas has refereed a preseasons game scrimmages and minicamps .
She was first woman to preside over a bowl game in college football .
Shannon Eastin replacement ref officiated game during 2012 lockout .
Hiring would make NFL second major sports league with woman official .
Alan Davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job .
Was asked about changes to classical music knowledge over 30 years .
Said 'modern audience might not be getting same education... in school'
Kevin Bollaert was found guilty of 27 counts of identity theft and extortion .
He operated ugotposted.com where anonymous users posted nudes without the subject's consent .
He then earned tens of thousands from running changemyreputation.com where victims would pay fees of $300 to $350 to have their photos removed .
Also published their names addresses and social media details .
Victims spoke out and said they received a slew of 'crude comments' on social media but no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures .
Bollaert was sentenced to 18 years Friday which Judge said reflected amount of victims .
95yearold Peter Weber Jr. is the oldest active pilot according to Guinness World Records .
The record was confirmed after Weber proved he piloted a plane March 30 in Placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence .
Weber's flight experience goes back decades: he flew in both World War II and the Vietnam War and also served as Korean War flight instructor .
He has been married to his wife since 1943 and has a 70yearold son .
Archaeologists have found 20 stones shaped by early humans using 'simple techniques' close to the west shore of Lake Turkana in Kenya .
The tools are thought to be 500000 years older than the first Homo species .
They are also 700000 years older than other stone tools found previously .
Scientists say it could reshape ideas about how our own species evolved .
Writer Stewart Brand says warnings that the world is facing a new mass extinction may lead to a fatalistic attitude that will do more harm than good .
Instead he points to the recovery of species due to conservation efforts .
He believes climate change is unlikely to have the feared impact on wildlife .
He argues that more new species are being discovered than are being lost .
New on board playlists include rockers such as The xx Haim and Hozier .
Unfavourable customer feedback about previous music prompted switch .
So far all mainline and some regional aircraft have adopted the change .
The Qatari ruling family boasts a prestigious property portfolio in Britain worth an estimated £740 million .
They have been quietly buying up trophy properties – including the Shard in London – over the past eight years .
Qatar's Constellation Group bought  a majority stake in company that owns Claridge's and the Connaught last week .
Family have spent £11.6 billion buying empire and sovereign wealth fund snapped up Canary Wharf for £2.6 billion .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Sally Lutkin had a rose and her grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg .
It soon went red and swelled up leaving her in agony and unable to walk .
Had to undergo emergency surgery to stop infection spreading to the bone .
Was left with a gruesome black hole and a scar in the middle of her calf .
Case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape .
2 students from Troy University in Alabama are charged in the case .
Man 36 arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani .
Syrian imam was found shot dead in his car on a street in Wembley .
Leslie Cooper 36 has already appeared in court accused of murder .
Burnell Mitchell 61 and a 53yearold woman were also arrested on suspicion of terror offences .
Natalie Dimitrovska set Dana Vulin on fire at her home in February 2012 .
Ms Vulin suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body .
Dimitrovska was sentenced to 17 years in jail for her drug affected crime .
Lawyers argue her sentence was 'excessive' for the harm caused .
Her appeal will be heard in the Supreme Court of WA on Tuesday .
Meanwhile Ms Vulin has countless more reconstruction operations to go .
Her scarring is so bad she can't straighten her elbows or lift her arms up .
Andrew Danziger flew President Obama during 2008 election campaign .
Claims to have seen a UFO on flight between Kansas and Iowa in 1989 .
Saw a 'giant red ball' flying parallel to his jet in the sky for 30 seconds .
The aircraft captain revealed that nearly all pilots believe in UFOs .
Javier Hernandez scored a late goal to secure victory for Real Madrid .
Thierry Henry says Hernandez owes Cristiano Ronaldo for the assist .
Sky Sports pundit Henry responded to those who disagreed with his comments by posting a video of Michael Laudrup's passing .
He said on Twitter: 'The pass can be just as important as the goal'
Eidur Gudjohnsen rolled back the years to open the scoring .
Craig Davies fired home a secondhalf brace to ensure his side claimed win .
Cardiff and Bolton remain in midtable with five games to go .
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel into a home in the 1970s .
Entrepreneur painted doors of the country retreat his trademark bright red .
Fourbedroom home in South Leigh Witney is on the market for £599000 .
Sir Richard held parties at the chapel and was a regular at village shop .
fineandcountry.com 01865 759550 .
Football and rugby stars met in crossbar challenge for St George's Day .
Arsenal's Alex OxladeChamberlain and Gary Cahill of Chelsea took on Bath star George Ford and Exeter Chief's Jack Nowell .
England flyhalf Ford came closest to winning by skimming the bar .
Our beauty expert says 'frizz nightmare' hair like Deborah's can be a battle .
She sent her to the Taylor Ferguson salon in Glasgow .
Had the Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment (from £195)
'The coarse texture has gone and my hair has never felt so smooth!'
Singer arrived at artists' entrance to gain entry to Drake's gig .
Security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission .
A row erupted and a Coachella staffer tried to get Bieber into the gig .
But festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
The moon formed when a Marssized body called Theia hit it early on .
But no one is sure why the moon and Earth have a similar composition .
University of Maryland researchers say cloud of debris rained on worlds .
But Israel Institute of Technology says impactor was similar to Earth .
Katie Cope 17 detained a shoplifter in her mother's vintage clothing store .
Police took three hours to arrive at Baklash store in Nottingham city centre .
Thief given caution by police for attempting to steal the £1 knickers .
Officers told store owners the knickers not worth enough to prosecute .
The film is expected to gross $115 million or more .
Paul Walker died in a car crash during filming .
"Furious 7" poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 so far .
The University of Kentucky Wildcats were kicked out of the NCAA tournament Saturday night after a loss to Wisconsin .
At a press conference following the game a reporter asked another UK player about Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky .
Harrison covered his mouth and said 'f*** that n****' referring to Kaminsky and the microphone picked up the slur .
In a series of tweets on Sunday Harrison apologized for the statement .
Kaminsky has  said that 'nothing needs to be made out of' the situation .
Shahnawaz 40 was beaten to death by five thugs because his bike  stuck in traffic  was blocking their way .
His sons aged nine and 13 begged bystanders and nearby police for help but were told to 'call 100'
Victim was rushed to nearby Lok Nayak Jaiprakash Hospital but died en route .
A day later 200 protesters blocked central Delhi to demand immediate arrest of the attackers .
David Cameron enjoyed visit to Bristol with Chancellor George Osborne .
Visited Bristol and Bath Science Park and earlier went to Poole in Dorset .
LaTasha Gosling 27 of Tisdale Saskatchewan was found murdered in her home early Wednesday in Tisdale Saskatchewan in Canada .
Her two daughters Janyaa 4 and Jenika 8 and her son Landen 7 were also discovered dead .
Hours later police found Steve O'Shaughnessy dead at his residence along with his and Gosling's sixmonthold baby who was unharmed .
Gosling's family said O'Shaughnessy was controlling and was afraid Gosling would leave him for her husband who she was separated from .
O'Shaughnessy sent the photos a day before her husband's birthday .
Gosling's friend said she had broken up with O'Shaughnessy recently .
Jacksonville Florida Photographer Kristina Bewly took her 4yearold daughter Giselle to Disney World for the first time last September .
Giselle and Kristina visit the park once a month and Giselle wears dresses bought by her mother .
Giselle who suffers from Down syndrome models for her photographer mother at the theme park .
Family of American medic killed posts message on Facebook says she died while at base camp .
At least 13 die after avalanches at Mount Everest base camp authorities say Climber says 17 dead .
Dining tent at one base camp has been transformed into a hospital another hiker says .
Barry Wilmore and Terry Virts captured the footage on spacewalks .
The astronauts were carrying out repair work on the space station .
Video captures incredibly clear images of the earth from 250 miles .
Spacewalks were in preparation for commercial spacecraft arrival .
Prime Minister makes culinary blunder as he tries to woo Devon voters .
Chatting in a Barnstaple cafe he tried to guess jam or cream first .
Cornish use jam with cream on top but people in Devon do it in reverse .
Reality star was acting 'unruly' and 'reeked of alcohol' at The Polo Lounge .
She was asked to leave restaurant but became belligerent and locked herself in a bathroom .
After being taken to jail she was cited for trespass resisting arrest battery on a police officer and drunk in public .
Motheroffour staunchly defended her sobriety in RHOBH finale this week .
RHOBH cast mates Brandi Glanville Eileen Davidson and Lisa Rinna shares reactions on Twitter .
Nyia Parler 41 allegedly left her 21yearold son in woods on Monday and traveled to Maryland where she was taken into custody early Sunday .
Her son was found under rainsoaked pile of leaves on Friday night and police say he would have died if passersby hadn't spotted him .
He was lying on the ground 10 feet from his wheelchair and a Bible .
Yes it is possible to steal a robe from your hotel without being charged .
Many properties often have extra complimentary amenities up for grabs .
But beware of minibar glasses  they're often cleaned with furniture polish .
Author Jacob Tomsky answers every question you have about hotel stays .
Marco Negri joined Rangers for £3.5million from Perugia in 1997 .
Striker suffered a shinbone injury in a reserve match vs Aberdeen in 2000 .
Hospital scans showed properties of his blood had symptoms of AIDS .
Further scans in Italy proved Negri's blood to be absolutely fine .
Calbuco volcano in southern Chile  which has been dormant for 40 years  erupted without warning on Wednesday .
A second terrifying eruption yesterday has now forced over 4000 to flee in aftermath of the 'apocalypselike' event .
Footage of the eruption has revealed a strange pair of white lights floating perilously close to the ash cloud .
A New Zealand family of fourteen walked out of remote Christian sect .
Residents of Gloriavale isolate themselves from the outside world .
With a population around 500 they do not use birth control .
All residents are required to wear blue uniforms .
They have advanced farming tech but rarely watch TV or listen to radio .
The 'Ben Canaan' family as they are known now live in Timaru .
They have been supported by local church who have rallied around them .
The family have moved into a home and the father has a job as a farmer .
Victor Wanyama has starred in the heart of Southampton's midfield .
Reports claim he has spoken to Arsene Wenger over a summer transfer .
Teammate Morgan Schneiderlin has also been linked with the Gunners .
READ: Bacary Sagna insists he does not regret leaving Arsenal .
READ: Arsenal fans should give Cesc Fabregas a good welcome .
Investigators have released a handful of photographs to help inquiries .
They show fans rushing to tend to the dying as they lay on football pitch .
Police say the people photographed could address unanswered questions .
A Home Office probe into 1989 disaster which claimed 96 lives is ongoing .
Anyone with information is urged to call 08000 283 284 or visit www.operationresolve.co.uk .
Anyone who can identify any of the people in the images should call Operation Resolve on 08000 283 284 or via the website www.operationresolve.co.uk .
NASA's Messenger probe smashes into Mercury ending mission .
Space probe hit the planet's surface at 8750 mph .
Models put aside their fear of heights to strut along a mountain path in central China .
The challenge was part of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest which has been running since 2005 .
Competition tests if people can 'keep their cool' and has previously seen contestants parade in 16 degrees Celsius .
Dai Young wants to reform the current salary cap in English top flight .
It means Premiership clubs are struggling to compete with French .
Young's Wasps side lost 3218 to Toulon in Champions Cup last eight .
Only Saracens made it through to the last four from England .
Record numbers have flocked to see local boy Jordan Spieth in action .
Spieth and Phil Mickelson have been gearing up for the Masters .
Texasborn Spieth quit university in order to concentrate on golf career .
Brendan Rodgers admitted the recent defeats were down to his players .
The Liverpool boss denied that opposition managers have sussed him out .
Liverpool appear to have slipped out of Champions League contention .
READ: Liverpool could sign Pedro if Sterling leaves Anfield this summer .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Rachel Lehnardt 35 'allowed her 16yearold daughter and her friends drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her Georgia home'
They 'all played naked Twister and Lehnardt had sex with an 18yearold man in the bathroom before playing with sex toys in front of the teens'
She said she went to bed alone but awoke to her daughter's 16yearold boyfriend having sex with her there are no charges against him .
After the incident she lost custody of her children and told her AA sponsor who contacted authorities .
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston Texas .
But the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage .
TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness .
However the young bow tiewearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium .
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them .
Bayern currently have a 10point lead at the summit of the table .
Dortmund are 31 points behind their rivals in 10th place .
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title .
Mathews was set to face Richar Abril who was forced to withdraw through illness .
The Liverpudlian will now face Venezuelan southpaw Barroso on April 18 .
William Barber: McDonald's will raise minimum wage $1 for 10% of workers. This is a step in right direction but falls short in three ways .
He says it leaves out 90% of workers is not enough to lift workers from poverty company prevents workers from speaking out in a union .
Miliband warns cuts mean rapists and violent criminals have gone free .
Pledge to scrap Police and Crime Commissioners to save money .
ExMet chief Lord Stevens carried out policing review for Labour .
Faces probe over claim he did not give information to Macpherson inquiry .
Jerry Grayson flew dozens of aircrafts during Royal Navy rescue missions .
He was involved in 1979 Fastnet Yacht Race rescue saving 15 yachtsmen .
Mr Grayson found most helicopters had been turned into museum pieces .
But one a Wessex Mark 1 is now a glamping unit in Ditchling Sussex .
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday .
The Toffees are preparing to face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium .
Midfielders Steven Pienaar and Kevin Mirallas both involved after injuries .
Gareth Barry wants to continue winning run after three victories in a row .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Everton news .
Researchers at Joint Base LewisMcChord concluded military suicides may be more likely after members leave service than during deployment .
The fouryear study looked at military records of 3.9million service members from October 7 2001 to December 31 2007 .
Total of 31962 deaths occurred including 5041 suicides by December 31 2009 .
There were 1162 suicides among those who deployed and 3879 among those who didn't .
Soldiers with a dishonorable discharge were twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had honorable discharge .
Swiss researchers examined the 'Hot Jupiter' planet HD 189733b .
Temperatures reach 3000°C in the atmosphere and wind speed is 620mph .
Findings were comparable in quality to the Hubble Space Telescope .
But the researchers used a 'relatively dinky' telescope suggesting the method could be replicated by other astronomers to study exoplaents .
Lisa and James Tuttle moved with children to idyllic Geldeston Norfolk .
Their dogs kept escaping onto neighbouring farmland .
They were warned if dogs kept bothering farmer's birds they'd be shot .
Couple believed dogs were gentle and wouldn't have attacked birds .
In 2014 while family were on holiday gamekeeper shot two of the dogs .
Acted within law so was not charged .
Family are devastated by loss of pets and now want to move .
Judge Jerry Baxter called the cheating scandal 'the sickest thing that's ever happened in this town' as he sentenced the teachers on Tuesday .
All but one of the 10 former Atlanta public school educators were sentenced to jail time .
The judge had encouraged all of the accused to negotiate deals but only two agreed and received lighter sentences .
The remaining eight received harsher sentences ranging from one to seven years in jail .
Hudea and her family are thought to have gone to Idlib two weeks ago .
But Idlib fell to Al Qaeda's Syrian affiliate at weekend after four day battle .
Al Nusra's leader has now promised to bring in sharia law in the city .
Already started burning banned items and two Christians killed by jihadists .
Blake 27 welcomed daughter James with Ryan Reynolds in January .
Actress has been parading her new figure promoting latest movie .
Swears by 'gentle' exercises such as hiking and bike rides .
See cheetahs lions and leopards in Africa Siberian tigers in Russia Polar bears in Svalbard and grizzlies in Alaska .
Madagascar Borneo Rwanda Sri Lanka and Brazil feature on the itinerary  which is a dream for wildlife lovers .
During the tour guests stay in accommodation including tented camps mountain lodges and beachfront hotels .
Colin Farrell is infamous for dating highprofile actresses and models .
His early career has been overshadowed by his partyhard lifestyle .
The 38yearold now says he's dedicated to being a father to his two sons .
Police say the thieves gained entry through the building's communal elevator shaft .
Police give no value of the amount taken in the heist in London's jewelry district .
There's no evidence of forced entry to the building police say .
Efron's buff bod is far from the weedy teen days of High School Musical .
FEMAIL looks at more famous tots and teens all grown up and looking hot .
Cute kids don't guarantee cute adults though as we find out...
Hamish Baillie says Lord Janner abused him during hideandseek in 1983 .
Fatherofthree 47 was a 15yearold resident of a children’s home at time .
He says failure to prosecute the peer for a fourth time is ‘complete travesty’
CPS boss Alison Saunders said Janner was unfit to plead due to dementia .
Dr Sahar Hussain was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square .
She lashed out at two staff members grabbing their arms and chasing one to a control room .
The 53yearold GP said she was worried about being left on her own in London because she is a Muslim woman .
Hussain has been convicted of assault and fined a total of £2250 .
19th century Castle Toward near Dunoon was used to ready soldiers for the DDay landings in World War Two .
Overlooking Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline it was deemed an ideal training ground .
The castle was commandeered by Winston Churchill and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942 .
The training that took place was so realistic and demanding many servicemen were killed in accidents .
Nursing student went missing during night out with friends at weekend .
Her body was found on a farm six miles north of Glasgow this week .
Alexander Pacteau from Glasgow has  been charged with her murder .
21yearold is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice .
Raheem Sterling was filmed inhaling laughing gas less than two weeks ago .
Saido Berahino was another England starlet filmed inhaling 'hippy crack'
Jack Grealish inspired Aston Villa to their FA Cup semifinal win on Sunday .
The 19yearold has seemingly been caught  inhaling from a balloon .
The federal government will give Shoshana Hebshi $40000 as compensation for being ethnically profiled .
Hebshi who has a Jewish mother and Saudi Arabian father has said she was discriminated against based on her dark complexion .
Hebshi was detained along with two Indian men she was seated next to .
'People do not forfeit their constitutional rights when they step onto an airplane' said ACLU attorney Rachel Goodman .
Shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub after finding it alone .
Cub wandered up to their gate in Tulun and is unable to survive on its own .
Family is hoping to find it a permanent home as it will grow into a beast .
Local expert cautions against bringing wild animals into the home .
Anders Lindegaard posted Instagram photo with model wife Misse Beqiri .
The Man Utd goalkeeper tied the knot with Beqiri last year .
Lindegaard is thirdchoice keeper at Old Trafford under Louis van Gaal .
Djokovic wins Monte Carlo Masters .
Defeats Berdych 75 46 63 .
Djokovic had earlier beaten clay expert Nadal in semis .
The Larung Gar Buddhist Academy in China has basic amenities for the 40000 monks and nuns who stay there .
The secluded location is 370 miles from Chengdu and has grown dramatically since its  creation .
TVs are banned and the huts of monks and nuns are segregated by a winding road through the middle .
Latest group of migrants rescued from Mediterranean includes 59 children .
Picked up off Italian coast as families make desperate bid to reach Europe .
Comes days after 900 men women and children died in capsize disaster .
Jessica Mauboy and GQ editor  among those who had tablets stolen .
$899 personalised Lenovo tablets were gifted to front row guests .
Toni Maticevski presented SS16 runway show at Carriageworks in Sydney .
Al Qaida seized control of an airport sea port and oil terminal in Yemen .
Latest advance marks a major gain for Al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula .
Came amid chaos pitting rebels against forces loyal to exiled president .
S.E. Cupp: Clinton making women central to outreach but she should really focus on men .
In 2014 election overplaying to one gender failed  particularly with "war on women"
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit on Monday night .
Was pulled over and handcuffed by police when he got out of the car .
Complained he couldn't breath then collapsed and suffered a heart attack .
His father claims he was 'driving erratically' because of his asthma .
Is planning to sue the police force for their role in his death .
Steven Pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season .
The 33yearold midfielder has made just 11 appearances this term .
Pienaar made his comeback in the 11 draw with Swansea City .
But muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over Burnley last weekend .
Bayern Munich trail Porto 31 in their Champions League quarterfinal tie .
Pep Guardiola's contract as Bayern manager expires in the summer of 2016 .
Manuel Pellegrini's deal at Manchester City finishes at the same time too .
Hubble has helped make major discoveries but there are limits to how far it can see into space .
The James Webb Space Telescope will work in the infrared and be able to see objects that formed 13 billion years ago .
Scientists also believe the new telescope will be able to detect planets around nearby stars .
Kurt Zouma kept an eye on Marouane Fellaini during Chelsea's 10 win .
The French defender played as a defensive midfielder against Man United .
Jose Mourinho wanted the 20yearold to keep Fellaini out of the game .
Chelsea boss impressed with Zouma's form during first season at the club .
READ: Mourinho critics don't have leg to stand on as he is getting job done .
Pippa is said to have bought the baby a supply of biodegradable nappies .
Shoppers in Geneva Switzerland spot her buying the mullcloth nappies .
The natural fibres mean the baby essentials don't end up in landfill heaps .
Likely to be a hit with new royal's environmentally conscious grandfather .
Maria MaloneGuerbaa 41 used just brushes and paint to transform face .
Posted pictures of the process ahead of the Easter weekend .
Londonbased talent has also painted a cougar and owl on her features .
Esa has released an image of one of Saturn's outer moons Hyperion .
Its bubbly appearance is due to it having a very low density for its size .
Scientists believe 40 per cent of the moon is made up of empty space .
Hyperion has been known to unleash huge bursts of charged particles .
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather meed at MGM Grand on May 2 .
American's sparring partner Jeremy Nichols impersonated the Filipino during a mock interview shared on YouTube .
'J Flash' made fun of Pacquiao's accent singing faith and claims his mother uses Voodoo chants to help her son .
Mayweather vs Pacquiao: The ultimate tale of the tape for $300m fight .
MayweatherPacquiao is 11 days away... why are there no tickets on sale?
Villagers in Ansai central China spent £1000 digging new 46m well .
But when they pumped water to surface they said they could smell petrol .
Discovered that the water is so badly polluted that  it can be set on fire .
Blamed leak at local petrol station but owner has denied he is to blame .
Felix the cat was found two weeks after going missing in transit .
Much loved pet disappeared after escaping his plastic crate at JFK Airport .
Owner Jennifer Stewart said the crate was badly damaged in transit .
She is calling for better policies and procedures for the transport of pets .
Etihad said it is working with ground handlers and 'specialists' to find Felix .
Floyd Mayweather uploaded a picture inside his private jet on Wednesday .
Mayweather will face Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in a welterweight unification bout at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas .
Mayweather will pit his WBA and WBC world belts against Pacquiao's WBO .
UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman witnesses told police .
According to police the accident occurred in Albuquerque just before noon on Sunday when the driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light .
The driver whom an offduty officer identified as Jones ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again police said .
Jones is widely considered the best poundforpound mixed martial artist .
Miracle Godson was reported missing on Friday afternoon after jumping in .
He was swimming at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near Wigan with friends .
Teenagers desperately tried saving him but police found lifeless body later .
Bosses at Wigan St Judes Rugby League Club said he had 'great potential'
The SRU have agreed a £3.6m contract over three years with BT .
BT will take over the Scotland shirt sponsorship from RBS this summer .
The Scotland U20 side will be the first team to wear the shirts with BT .
More than nine in ten working households will receive a tax cut from today .
Personal allowance rising to £10600  putting extra £17 a month in pockets .
Cameron due to set out case for people keeping more of their own money .
He will argue for continued lower taxes with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’
A rise in the personal allowance from £10000 to £10600.
The first increase in the 40p higher threshold – in line with inflation – for five years.
The £1060 Marriage Tax allowance which benefits traditional couples where one parent does not work.
A one per cent increase in working age benefits.
A man named Jamie proposed to girlfriend Dawn on the ITV show .
She reacted by throwing the diamond at him and storming off in tears .
Dawn then followed that by revealing that she had been cheating on him .
Episode was entitled: My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?
The Jeremy Kyle Show weekdays at 9.25am on ITV .
8.9 per cent of Americans have impulsive anger issues and access to guns .
3.7 million of the shortfused gun owners carry weapons in public .
Study by three universities interviewed more than 5000 men and woman .
Comes in the wake of a number of highprofile gun tragedies in the US .
Manny Pacquiao meets Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in Las Vegas .
The fight worth $300 million to both camps is boxing's richest ever .
PacMan's shorts alone will carry sponsorship worth £1.5m .
Mayweather has released a video with uncle Roger about his gloves .
Sean Dyche says his Burnley players won't cheat or dive to win .
The 43yearold wants to win games in the right and correct manner .
Dyche revealed another manager has labelled his side as naive .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Burnley news .
Gordon Jack 47 was taken to hospital yesterday after falling at rehearsal .
Murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance .
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said she was 'totally devastated' by the news .
Tennis star Andy Murray and fiance Kim Sears tied the knot this afternoon .
Ursula Ward's wrongful death suit against Hernandez 25 is set to proceed .
Suit seeking unspecified damages was put on hold during criminal trial .
Hernandez made millions and had $40million contract at time of murder .
Convicted April 15 of firstdegree murder for killing Lloyd in June of 2013 .
Kathleen Bailey 70 was given power of attorney over friend's finances .
Her 87yearold victim was battling breast cancer and had no children .
Bailey helped herself to at least £1500 and took trips to north Wales .
She was given suspended jail sentence after admitting one charge of theft .
Chelsea Manning gave an interview to Cosmopolitan from Fort Leavenworth prison in Kansas serving 35 years for violating the Espionage Act .
After being convicted in July 2013 as Bradley Manning she admitted having gender dysphoria and announced plans to transition into a woman .
She officially changed her name last year and sued for permission to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment from within prison .
Says it's 'painful and awkward' to be forbidden from letting her hair grow .
Reveals how being deployed to Iraq made her realize life is volatile .
Chelsea are considering a preseason tour to Japan this summer .
If it goes ahead the 12000mile round trip would likely last for two weeks .
But international bosses will require Chelsea players in June .
Prime Minister and TV star Karren Brady announced new apprenticeships .
Baroness Brady was pictured during event helping the PM with his jacket .
Pair were announcing 16000 more training positions for young people .
Frida Ghitis: President Barack Obama is right to want a deal but this one gives Iran too much .
She says the framework agreement starts lifting Iran sanctions much too soon .
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found shot dead in his car in Wembley last week .
Leslie Cooper 36 was today charged with his murder .
Imam was a fervent opponent of the Assad regime in his native Syria .
Second man 61 arrested tonight on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
The Hermione carried France's Marquis de Lafayette to America in 1780 .
Was sent to warn George Washington French troops were being sent .
They were being deployed to help the revolutionaries defeat Red Coats .
The replica set sail on Saturday for it's maiden voyage across the Atlantic .
Ronnie O'Sullivan beats Craig Steadman 103 at The Crucible .
The fivetime world champion was 72 ahead overnight .
O'Sullivan won the final three frames he required on Wednesday morning .
The 39yearold was forced to change his shoes on Tuesday .
University of Connecticut study reveals how we can measure distances .
They said that listening to echoes tells us how far something it .
When a sound is close the differences in max and min volume are obvious .
But when it is distant our neurons fire less and we know it is further away .
Sam Griner was just 11 months old when his mother snapped him clenching his fist on the beach and posted the image online .
Years later she learned it had become the popular 'Success Kid' meme .
Sammy's father Justin has been on dialysis for six years and is in need of a kidney transplant so the family is now appealing for help .
They have set up a GoFundMe page to try to find him a kidney and to raise the $75000 he will need for the procedure and medication .
Vonda Thedford 55 said she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass .
When she stopped to look at the dead creature she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'
The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and noone has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter .
However wildlife experts who studied the animal's skeleton told Fox News it appears to be that of a young dog .
The Havasupai tribe are the smallest Indian nation in America with just over 600 village inhabitants .
They live in the village of Supai which can be visited by helicopter or mule as it is eight miles from the nearest road .
Visitors can stay overnight with the tribe and experience the incredible Havasu Falls .
Fish and chips has believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian .
The tea bag was accidentally invented by a New York tea merchant .
Saint George himself is thought to have been born in Syria .
Tactical filters used on the mobile phone app Instagram can paint a different picture of holiday  away .
From the Taj Mahal to celebrities hangouts the truth can look very different .
Photographs reveal the funny or stark reality behind famous tourist spots visited by millions .
Fan favorite series "Arrested Development" to return for a fifth season according to producer .
Brian Grazer claimed the show would be back in a podcast .
Netflix is not commenting .
Grant Clarke 45 was left braindamaged after a brain haemorrhage in 2012 .
Concerned about his welfare his family planted a secret camera in room .
Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with misconduct .
She failed to appear at NMC hearing and was suspended for six months .
ITV's Britain's Got Talent is returning on Saturday for its ninth series .
Teacher's say kids have bunked off school in the past to attend auditions .
So for first time ever producers are holding auditions at dozens of schools .
Move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in several schools .
Steve McClaren has been linked with a number of jobs including Newcastle .
Derby are chasing a playoff place and are sixth in the Championship .
The rams have been impressed with Sean Dyche in the Premier League .
Derby want the Burnley boss to replace McClaren if he leaves this summer .
Wojciech Szczesny has watched on from the sidelines in recent months .
Form of David Ospina has lifted Arsenal to second in the Premier League .
Seaman gives Poland keeper confidence boost ahead of FA Cup semifinal .
READ: Alexis Sanchez would grace the great Arsenal teams .
Elspeth McKendrick was left shattered by Asperger's syndrome diagnosis .
Her parents said she was 'very much in denial' about her condition .
She had a small circle of friends at school but wanted a 'close best friend'
Gifted teen had  scored a string of GCSE A*s and won a place at Art college .
Judy has undergone a makeover  but could be outshone by Kim's mother .
Stylish Leonore Sears 53 has long been admired on the tennis circuit .
The South African bears a strong resemblance to soontobe wed daughter .
Dunblane now waiting for what is being dubbed Scotland's royal wedding .
Thousands of accounts vanished from the social network last week .
Twitter said it had received numerous reports about terrorpromoting users .
Decided to suspend 10000 accounts for making threats of violence .
Suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by 'hacktavist' collective Anonymous targeting online jihadis .
Bayern Munich crowned Bundesliga champions for the 25th time .
Pep Guardiola's side beat Hertha Berlin 10 on Saturday at Allianz Arena .
Wolfsburg fell to 10 defeat at Borussia Monchengladbach on Sunday .
Bayern are also in semifinals of the German Cup and Champions League .
Standup routine on The Tonight Show on Thursday branded 'a bomb'
Singer said she was a 'closet comedian' always wanted to do standup .
Her jokes were about dating younger men and her art collection .
'I crack myself up' she said at one point .
App collate childfriendly videos songs and educational resources .
Content by DreamWorks National Geographic and YouTubers .
Claims the app has too many advertisements and product placements .
The magazine's global fashion director Carine Roitfeld conceptualized and styled the spread which appears in all 32 editions of the fashion glossy .
Models Jing Wen Laura James Anna Cleveland Ondria Hardin Antonia Wilson Kitty Hayes and Paige Reifler also starred in the photoshoot .
Kazi Islam 18 accused of grooming Harry Thomas 19 for acts of terror .
Islam met Mr Thomas who has learning difficulties at east London college .
Tried to persuade Mr Thomas to buy ingredients for pipe bomb court told .
Used 'cake' as code in text message but Mr Thomas did not understand .
Islam denies preparing for acts of terrorism and his trial continues .
Commemorates birth in same way as the arrival of Prince George in 2013 .
Babies born on same day will receive one of 2015 free 'lucky' silver pennies .
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second baby due this month .
Bega Cheese CEO Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences .
10 boys and girls aged eight to 16 have been abused over the last decade .
His wife Louise is concerned for her safety after letterbox was firebombed .
She has also received threatening phone calls .
She altered freeze order in court on Thursday she can now sell their home .
Earlier this week one of Maurice's victims read her impact statement .
She told Sydney District Court on Monday she felt scared and ashamed .
'I didn't know it was against the law' the victim said .
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera while he was camping in Iceland .
After emerging into bitter subzero temperatures from his tent he spotted a female and male fox copulating .
But the pair weren't alone  a third Arctic fox lurked nearby and wasted no time in battling his rival for the female .
The losing fox was seen by the photographer limping off up a snowy hill and wasn't expected to last the night .
Expressed concerns over tactics employed by the Conservative campaign .
Labour leader is now the bookies' favourite to be the next prime minister .
'Every time Miliband is visible he appears credible' said a company boss .
Tory tacticians have now told campaigners to focus on economic success .
Scientist measured the thousands of small earthquakes in Yellowstone to scan the earth underneath it .
They discovered a vast magma reservoir fueling a vast one scientists already knew about .
Prehistoric eruptions of Yellowstone supervolcano were some of Earth's largest explosions .
Terence Crawford stopped Puerto Rican Thomas Dulmore in the sixth .
The American won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title .
The 27yearold fighter is still unbeaten and takes his record to 260 .
A woman at an Ohio Walmart says an officer forced her to sit in her car after she left her dog sitting in the parking lot April 12 .
Last year a Truth or Consequences New Mexico woman filed a complaint alleging a similar mistreatment .
"Rosie the Riveter" appeared on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29 1943 .
Mary Doyle Keefe was a 19yearold telephone operator at the time .
Tom Brady to Gisele Bundchen: "You inspire me every day"
Bundchen had last runway show Wednesday .
She'll be focusing more on family "special projects"
Actress Gwyneth Paltrow is trying to live on $29 worth of food for one week .
It's a part of the #FoodBankNYCChallenge which is bringing awareness to food poverty .
Paltrow was nominated by her friend chef Mario Batali .
Driver crashed his uninsured sports car into a tree on Wednesday night .
The Ferrari was reportedly purchased by the owner only a week ago .
A male passenger was also seriously injured in the crash .
The 1991 Ferrari 348 is worth between $90k and $110k .
The passenger was conscious and was taken to Flinders Medical Centre .
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days at Newbury on Saturday .
Dettori rode a 4411 treble complete with famous flying dismounts .
Italian rode Charlie Hillstrained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar .
Earlier in week it was confirmed Dettori would concentrate in British racing .
Witnesses said Zana the apewoman had the 'characteristics of a wild animal'
She was allegedly trapped in Caucusus mountains and covered in thick hair .
Had 'enormous athletic power' and she could infamously outrun a horse .
A genetics professor has analysed DNA of six of her living descendants .
Since 2012 taxpayer has forked out £15500 for James Bowen's flat .
36yearold denied responsibility and claimed he told the council .
Witnesses reported massive plumes of smoke billowing above the building .
Famous for being used a filming location for TV show Inspector Morse .
Firefighters have been battling fire at fivestar gothic hotel since 4.30pm .
Blaze is not believed to be suspicious and is thought to have started in ground floor kitchen .
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in 2011 for £3.5million from Fluminese .
He was ineligible for a work permit and has had five loan spells in Spain .
He has been granted Spanish nationality allowing him to play for Arsenal .
READ: Theo Walcott will open Arsenal talks in next fortnight .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Chris Smalling joins Twitter just days before the Manchester derby .
The 25yearold posted a photo of himself and his girlfriend Sam Cooke .
Smalling could return for the clash after missing the win over Aston Villa .
READ: Manchester United players train ahead of Sunday's big derby .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Newcastle travel to the Stadium of Light to face Sunderland  on Sunday .
Clash being billed as 'The Desperation Derby' with both sides struggling .
John Carver is fighting to secure his future as manager beyond the season .
Carver has stopped thinking about getting the job on a permanent basis .
Dick Advocaat is striving to ensure Sunderland remain in Premier League .
Single father Simon Wood 38 fulfilled childhood dream of becoming a chef .
He beat motheroffour Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd 33 from London .
Three finalists were challenged to cook a threecourse meal in three hours .
Premier League champions have increased season ticket prices next term .
Some disabled Manchester City supporters have seen their tickets rise by £345 to £975 .
Supporters group claims the club are trying to force migration as part of a reseating plan at the Etihad .
Thousands of fans expected to turn up to the MGM Arena in Las Vegas .
To watch the weighin spectators will need to purchase advance tickets .
The tickets can be bought on Friday with all the money going to charity .
READ: Mayweather vs Pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .
READ: Mayweather vs Pacquiao purse could hit $300m .
Men were executed on a dusty road in Deir ezZor Syria ISIS claimed .
Sick video shows the executioner's sword being sharpened before killings .
Prisoners were shackled in chains and dressed in orange jumpsuits .
Just one day after  30 Ethiopian Christians were shot and beheaded in Libya .
Dina AmosLarkin was in Salou Spain for a fourday sports festival .
Plunged 50ft off balcony at Hotel Jaime 1 around midnight on April 3 .
Law student 21 was in medically induced coma for two weeks .
GoFundMe page has been set up to raise £20000 to get her home .
Teen with deadly brain tumour was told by doctors they would not operate .
Jackson Byrnes instead found a neurosurgeon who would do the operation .
He must find $80000 by Tuesday night to pay the surgeon up front .
Jackson Byrnes and his family have used crowd funding to raise money .
$47000 has been donated but there are only 2 more days left in campaign .
England star taken off as a precaution after being hit on the hand .
Kevin Pietersen was fielding for Surrey at leg slip against Oxford MCCU .
A sweep off Gareth Batty's bowling caught the top edge and struck KP .
Pietersen has returned to Surrey to fight for his England place .
Anthropologists claim that Neanderthals suffered many modern diseases .
DNA analysis has shown that they had immunity against common illnesses .
But they believe modern humans brought new infectious pathogens such as Heliocbacter pylori with them out of Africa and infected Neanderthals .
This suggests infectious diseases are much older than previously thought .
Chef Matt Kemp and former footballer Mark Geyer have spoken out about their anger issues .
Kemp said his 'uncontrollable rage' cost him his marriage and his business .
Once the celebrity chef called his exwife a 'c***' on national television .
While Geyer said he would get into a lot of fights after drinking alcohol .
The former NRL player said he turned it around after the birth of first child .
Darron Gibson was injured in Everton's 21 win over Queens Park Rangers .
Roberto Martinez hopes midfielder will be 100 per cent fit for preseason .
The Toffees travel to the Liberty Stadium to take on Swansea on Saturday .
Newcastle would be on 20 points if Alan Pardew's five wins were removed .
John Carver has won just two games in 14 since taking over the side .
Newcastle's players look uninterested and uninspired since he left the club .
The 53yearold has made a blistering start in charge of Crystal Palace .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle United news .
Australian and Philippines governments given notice their nationals will be executed in 72 hours .
They include Philippines maid Mary Jane Velos and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran .
Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair .
The mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager is speaking out as her son is behind bars for the the shooting death of Walter Scott .
Karen Sharpe defended her son saying she could not imagine him ever murdering someone and that he loved being a police officer .
She also revealed that Slager's pregnant wife is devastated about what has happened as she is set to give birth next month .
Sharpe said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident .
She also expressed sympathy for the Scott family noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever'
Slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing .
Musician Sam Smith 22 has lost three stone over the last year .
British singer has followed Amelia Freer's advice and slimmed down .
Now a fashion icon he's sharing his daily clothes diary with Vogue .
Peter Spinks from the Sydney Morning Herald reported on Amasia .
Within 200 million years he said the new supercontinent will form .
One researcher recently travelled to Nepal to gather further information .
He spotted that India Eurasia and other plates are slowly moving together .
Manchester United looking to tie up a deal for Memphis Depay .
The Dutchman has been in scintillating form for PSV this season .
Depay met with United on Wednesday but Phillip Cocu was unaware .
Cocu did however concede the Premier League is 'great'
CLICK HERE for all you need to know about Depay .
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 US Masters at the Augusta National Golf Club .
Spieth won the first major of his career having led all week .
The 21yearold hit a final round of 70 to finish on 18 under par .
Spieth became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters .
The American finished second to Bubba Watson at the 2014 Masters .
Spieth: Winning the Masters has been the most incredible week of my life .
Ashley White 30 and Paul Thomas 32 charged with child abuse and neglect .
Couple's son Noah Thomas 5 from Dublin Virginia was last seen alive March 22 .
Mother went back to sleep child was missing at 10am when she woke up .
After FBI search Noah's body was found in septic tank on family's property five days later .
Thomas and White's 6monthold daughter was removed from home a day later .
Murder and torture charges for Detroit mom after bodies found in her freezer .
Prosecutors accuse Mitchelle Angela Blair of killing her 13yearold daughter and 9yearold son .
Their bodies were discovered in her freezer as she was evicted from her home last month .
Akhil Amar: Lincoln's two biggest legacies keeping union together and abolishing slavery had Midwestern roots .
Lincoln saw the federal government as preeminent and believed there was no logical border for dividing the U.S.
Secretary of State John Kerry hits out at Iran's support of Houthi fighters .
But adds that Washington is not looking for a confrontation with Tehran .
Saudiled coalition starts third week of airstrikes against rebels in Yemen .
Pentagon has started daily aerial refuelling for warplanes in the coalition .
YouGov poll of Scots: 49% backing SNP 25% Labour  18% Conservatives .
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon offered to prop up Miliband in government .
But she is demanding full fiscal autonomy as a price for her support .
Miliband warns it would create a £7billion blackhole in Scottish finances .
Jenson Button was set to start from the back of the grid after mechanical  failure in qualifying .
Despite frantic work from McLaren mechanics they were unable to get his car on to the grid leaving Button to watch from the sidelines .
It was only the third race of the last 272 staged that he has missed .
Grigor Dimitrov plays Gael Monfils in Monte Carlo Masters quarterfinal .
World No 9 Stan Wawrinka looked listless and disinterested in the defeat .
Defending champion didn't get on the board until the match's fifth game .
Heather Hironimus and the boy's father Dennis Nebus have been warring since her pregnancy .
They were never married but share custody of their 4yearold child .
In a parenting agreement filed in court the two agreed to the boy's circumcision .
Hironimus later changed her mind giving way to a long court battle .
She filed a federal civil rights complaint late Monday .
It repeats the claims that surgery on her 4yearold son isn't necessary that the boy doesn't want it and that his constitutional rights are being violated .
Hironimus is also trying to avoid her own arrest .
The arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the surgery to go forward .
Man City currently occupy final Champions League place .
Liverpool are four points behind City with six matches to go this season .
READ: Pep Guardiola would demand stability at Man City .
READ: Man City planning megabid to sign Liverpool star Sterling .
READ: Martin Samuel's column on Masters champion Jordan Spieth here .
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office reserve deputy Robert Bates faces a charge of seconddegree manslaughter for the April 2 shooting of Eric Harris .
In an interview on the Today show on Friday he described his shock and remorse at the shooting and how he never intended to kill anyone .
He demonstrated that he kept his Taser near his chest and his gun on his right side  but insisted the mixup could have happened to anyone .
Bates said he had completed all proper training and was not allowed to 'play cop' just because he had donated equipment to the sheriff's office .
Robert Penny 83 is charged with the murder of two women in 1991 .
He has since spoken out and described his charges as 'bizarre'
One of the victims was his wife Margaret Penny the other Claire Acocks .
Pair were found stabbed their throats cut and were wrapped in hair wraps .
Penny was cleared of any involvement in the initial investigation .
The drawing was discovered by fan site Cult Of Android .
It appears on the map's standard view at 33°30'52.5'N 73°03'33.2'E .
Addition is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker .
And Google told MailOnline: We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly.'
Probe carried out by Powys council in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells .
Council needs to issue 40 per cent more parking tickets just to break even .
Councillors shadowed wardens and found infringements going unticketed .
Elanora Baidoo married Victor Sena BloodDzraku in 2009 .
Marriage was not consummated and BloodDzraku has disappeared .
Judge in Brooklyn has allowed Baidoo to issue divorce papers via Facebook .
Lucas Leiva is set for run in Liverpool first team after groin injury .
Steven Gerrard's suspension opens up spot in Reds' midfield .
Lucas helped Liverpool to regain their best form after return in November .
But he has just returned to action after another layoff .
CLICK HERE for the latest Liverpool news .
Mo Farah will compete at the Birmingham Grand Prix in June .
Olympic gold medalist wants to prepare for World Championships .
Farah will join Jessica EnnisHill and Greg Rutherford for Sainsbury’s Anniversary Games .
Manchester City are interested in signing Porto stars Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro and have sent scouts to watch them .
The club are also keen on Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne .
City have fallen short of expectations in the Premier League this season and will look to revamp and improve their squad in the summer .
Adam Lyth has enjoyed a meteoric rise from his early days with Yorkshire .
He will now battle Jonathan Trott  to be Alastair Cook's opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13 .
Lyth has revealed how practising golf has helped to improve his concentration .
A young Lyth also spent time trialing as a midfielder with Manchester City .
Winston Reid signed sixandahalfyear deal with West Ham last month .
New Zealand defender believes he can fulfil all his ambitions at Hammers .
West Ham set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016/17 .
Tyus Byrd who is black was recently elected mayor of Parma Missouri .
She beat the white current mayor Randall Ramsey .
Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won .
Two of those individuals are Trish Cohen Parma's former police chief and Rich Medley the town's former assistant police chief .
Cohen has said she and Medley feared for their safety since their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members .
Medley has said after being told by Byrd's supporters that Parma's police officers were going to be fired he decided to quit .
Byrd has said she doesn't know what the 'safety issues' were and that she 'never said anything about cleaning house'
Marc Albrighton opens the scoring for Leicester with neat finish in the area after a slip by Cesar Azpilicueta .
Didier Drogba equalises for Chelsea just three minutes into the second half after an assist from Branislav Ivanovic .
John Terry puts Chelsea ahead with a closerange finish with just 11 minutes left to play .
Ramires seals the win for Chelsea with a stunning drilled effort from just outside the box .
Chelsea can win the Premier League title with victory against Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on Sunday .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Air force  jets blitzed two jihadi camps in the Gedo region bordering Kenya .
Cloud cover made it difficult to establish damage caused or the death toll .
Kenyan special forces 'took seven hours to arrive at scene of massacre'
Stan Collymore celebrated Aston Villa's draw wildly from the press box .
Yorkshire championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is going vegan .
Jockey Ruby Walsh stars in new viral ad ahead of the Grand National .
Greg Dyke and David Gill are still at odds over homegrown players .
Mohammad Javad Zarif has spent more time with John Kerry than any other foreign minister .
He once participated in a takeover of the Iranian Consulate in San Francisco .
The Iranian foreign minister tweets in English .
Western gray whales were tagged seven years ago to monitor migration .
The then nineyearold female called Varvara swam from Russia to breeding grounds near Mexico during fiveandahalf months in 2011 .
Gray whales typically don't feed during migration which has led researchers to believe she didn't eat during the long journey .
Previous record was held by a humpback who swam 11706 miles in 2011 .
TSA agreed to make changes after ACLU filed official complaint .
Training will begin at Los Angeles International Airport .
TSA also told ACLU the new training will stress 'race neutrality' and will  emphasize 'hair patdowns of AfricanAmerican female travelers'
Agency said they will also track down patdown complaints filed by AfricanAmerican women to assess if discrimination is occurring at specific airports .
In 2012 Solange Knowles claimed she had been racially targeted for a patdown because she wore her hair in the Afro style .
Christopher Dodd 24 and Fay Purdham 27 are planning their wedding .
The couple grew up together as boys playing football and Playstation .
After losing touch as teenagers Fay who was born Kevin came out as gay .
Having taken hormones for years she had gender reassignment surgery .
The pair reunited at Mr Dodd's 21st birthday party and are now engaged .
Manchester United welcome Manchester City to Old Trafford on Sunday .
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals against Man Utd since joining City .
Radamel Falcao says the Argentine is the main threat for Man United .
Falcao is hoping to make his first appearance in a Manchester derby .
Colombian says he is happy at Man Utd despite bitpart role this season .
Mary Todd Lowrance teacher at Moises E Molina High School turned herself into Dallas Independent School District Police on Thursday morning .
Dallas ISD police said she had been in a relationship with student who is older than 17 years old for a couple of months .
She confided in coworker who alerted authorities and police eventually got arrest warrant .
Lowrance was booked into county jail on $5000 bond and has been released from the Dallas County jail according to county records .
She has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case police said .
David Rylance 47 stole thousands of pounds from his own dying mother .
Dying pensioner Margaret Rylance was suffering from Alzheimer's disease .
She noticed money was missing but concerns were put down to condition .
Her son was jailed for two years and three months for stealing £52000 .
The comedian stayed with Flavours who offer a Painting In Venice break .
Jenny and her partner Geof stayed at the farmhouse Villa Bianchi .
Days involved sitting in medieval market towns with a brush and prosecco .
Top footballers are under fire for using Twitter to promote an Adidas sale .
Players including Steven Gerrard and Theo Walcott  could face a probe .
Dozen Premier League stars posted messages within minutes of each other .
Watchdog advises celebrities to use the word 'ad' or 'spon' if its an advert .
Joseph McEnroe 36 was found guilty of six murders last week .
Slayed four adults and two children in Carnation Washington in 2007 .
Was staying behind the house with girlfriend Michele Anderson at the time .
Jury is deciding whether he is jailed for life or is condemned to death .
Mumbled and giggled as he testified in a bid to avoid execution .
National Frontleader named as one of Time's 100 most influential .
Marine Le Pen said it shows her 'brand of politics' is getting attention .
Le Pen 46 has tried to rid party of its extreme rightwing past .
European Court of Human Rights find Russia justified in deporting father .
Robert Muradeli had committed no crime worse than traffic violations .
But was deported for breaking immigration laws after 20 years residence .
Eight judges rule Russia did not breach the 45yearold's human rights .
Manchester City will make a concerted effort to sign English players .
Raheem Sterling Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez are all on the wanted list .
City chiefs are concerned about lack of homegrown players at senior level .
Frank Lampard will leave in summer and James Milner's future is uncertain .
Superyacht owners spare no expense when they throw extravagant parties .
They will do whatever it takes to impress their celebrity guests .
One owner had two tigers brought in so guests could pose for selfies .
A load of fresh fruit and vegetables was flown from France to the Maldives .
Three 'Alist' musical acts were hired for a private party on a desert island .
Philip and Victoria Sherlock from Warrington forced to live in Ford Focus .
Pay day loan costs went out of control after he had a stomach operation .
The pair left their home and lived out of the car washing at supermarkets .
Philip was handed a lifeline by local businessman who gave him a new job .
Gang target car dealership in Dearborn Heights Michigan in early hours .
Kicked off wing mirrors and smashed windscreens during violent outburst .
Bill for damage to La Marina Auto Sales said to be several thousand dollars .
Same gang believed to have also hit neighboring businesses during spree .
Tikrit is under the control of Iraqi forces Iraqi Prime Minister says .
ISIS departs leaving city strewn with booby traps explosivefilled vehicles .
Officials hope to avoid Shia reprisals for ISIS slaughter of air force recruits .
During her father’s presidential campaign and subsequent two terms in the White House Chelsea was well known for her tight curls .
The new mother who gave birth to daughter Charlotte in September explained that her iconic hairstyle simply changed over time .
In her interview published days after her mother’s presidential candidacy announcement she also addressed America’s ‘need’ for female politicians .
FC Porto star Jackson Martinez came close to joining AC Milan in January .
28yearold scored in their Champions League 31 quarterfinal first leg  win over Bayern Munich .
Martinez's goal against Bayern was his 23rd strike in 31 games this season .
The great grey owl was pictured swooping on the tiny rodent in Ontario Canada by a wildlife photographer .
With soft feathers and heightened hearing the bird is known as a deadly predator of mice and other small animals .
It stalked its prey from snowy treetops before swooping down on it unheard until the very last minute .
Two women aged 49 and a 23yearold man removed from plane .
Incident caused further delays for Ryanair flight to Faro from Bristol .
Airport security reaffirm antisocial behaviour will be dealt with harshly .
Kevin Pietersen playing his first County Championship game for two years .
Pietersen was caught at slip off the bowling off Craig Meschede for 19 .
Kumar Sangakkara scored a debut century for Surrey after KP was out .
Surrey reach 363 for three at stumps on day one against Glamorgan .
Manchester United and England defender Chris Smalling has taken a trip to his old judo club .
The International Judo Federation shared photos of the visit on Twitter .
Before deciding on a career in football Smalling was a talented martial artist and named national judo champion as a teenager .
He has experienced a meteoric rise from his days playing for nonleague Maidstone United to turning out for The Red Devils now .
Jessica Wright stars in the lingerie brand's resort collection .
Hotel Summers includes several colourful swimwear pieces .
Curvy Jess is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign .
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home .
His infant daughter was taken to hospital with breathing difficulties .
Fivemonthold believed to be a twin died after suffering 'several injuries'
Baby's mother was also arrested but has since been released on bail .
Shares have performed nearly twice as well under Tories new figures show .
Stock market returns averaged 16 per cent per year under Conservatives .
Returns hovered around nine per cent under Labour and current Coalition .
Lewis Hamilton roared to victory in Bahrain to extend his lead in title race .
It marked the world champion's third victory from four races this season .
He was interviewed on the podium by the legendary Sir Jackie Stewart .
And Hamilton could do worse than learn a few things from the great Scot .
Sherrell Dillion starred on the hit TV series Benefits Street .
As an aspiring model she has landed herself a place in a top competition .
But Sherrell is still struggling as she has recently been made homeless .
The motheroftwo was removed from her house due to mice .
Former Celtic hero Billy McNeill will be honoured with a statue by the club .
As both a player and a manager he enjoyed a hugely successful 27year association with the Parkhead outfit .
He won nine consecutive league titles as a player between 1965 and 1974 .
In 1967 he became the first ever British captain to lift the European Cup .
As manager he delivered four more league championships to Celtic .
Shamima Begum Amira Abase and Kadiza Sultana fled to be 'jihadi brides'
Believed trio are training with AlKhansa brigade in ISIS stronghold Raqqa .
One of its leaders is Britishborn Aqsa Mahmood who fled to Syria in 2013 .
"Slip and capture" explains why deputy shot suspect investigator says .
Sheriff's office says a reserve deputy thought he had pulled out a Taser .
Instead he shot the suspect who later died at a local hospital .
Alison Saunders consulted Neil Moore a barrister where Daniel Janner worked over whether to prosecute the Labour peer .
Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make 'very difficult decisions'
Justified her decision not to prosecute by saying experts agreed Lord Janner 86 was in poor health due to advanced Alzheimer's disease .
Miss Kensit said the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'
The 47yearold also said the Duchess was her 'regal inspiration'
Made the comments during an interview with a weekly fashion magazine .
Kate is famed for charity work but has never been dubbed a feminist before .
The Duchess is due to give birth to her second child later this month .
Monaco were held to a goalless draw with Montpellier in their Ligue 1 clash .
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to give visitors the lead in the second half .
Principality side failed to break into title chasing pack of Marseille Lyon and leaders PSG .
NYC cop Robert Hugel discovered his parents Jerry 83 and Marianne Hugel 80 dead in their Queens home with 'carbon monoxide poisoning'
The elderly couple was found dead along with neighbor Gloria Greco 70 and friend Walter Vonthadden 76 .
It appeared the car was accidentally left running in the garage but it was unclear for how long investigators said .
Neighbors say the couple were happily married for 60 years .
Quavious Marshall 24 Kirschnick Ball 20 and Kiari Cephus 23 were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus  on Saturday night .
Famous for 2013 hit 'Versace'
Multiple guns marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside their tour van .
They reportedly face charges of drug possession possession of firearms in a school safety zone and during the commission of a crime .
Women in India are street harassed primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms .
Elsa Marie D'Silva: It's time we speak up we cannot accept harassment as part of our daily routine .
The 34yearold revealed that she keeps 'everything' she wears and stores the items in 'clear plastic bags'
Kim gave birth to North her first child with husband Kanye West on June 15 2013 .
Paul McGowan avoided a jail sentence after police attack .
Midfielder under house arrest and will miss two games against Celtic .
The 27yearold is on a 16week restriction of liberty order .
Anticipated departure stems from concern that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes .
Colombian Drug lords may have staged rendezvous to elicit information .
House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is investigating .
DEA declined to comment today on her reported resignation the White House wouldn't give Leonhart its backing .
Leonhart head of the agency since 2007 has been accused by the Inspector General of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct .
Researchers had thought reading or looking at screens caused condition .
But now believe it could be because both of these activities occur indoors .
Forty minutes extra of natural light per day could cut cases by a quarter .
Chinese children now being sent to schools with translucent walls .
Robotic clone of crossdressing Japanese TV star made onscreen debut .
Matsuko Deluxe shared stage with Matsukoroid doppelganger on Saturday .
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with lifelike androids .
Software robots or smart machines could replace third of jobs by 2025 .
Reports have linked Chelsea with a move for Valencia's Andre Gomes .
But the midfielder says wants to stay with the La Liga side next season .
Gomes has scored four league goals in 25 appearances this term .
Parents of Audrie Pott reach financial settlement with remaining two teens .
Family made an agreement with one weeks ago after he 'showed remorse'
Issued a lengthy apology as part of the wrongful death civil suit .
Admitted the teenager was unconscious and did not consent at the time .
Apologized for spreading rumors that 'served to shame and humiliate her'
During a hearing one of the boys said he 'missed Audrie a lot'
Pair will also have to give presentations on 'sexting' and 'slutshaming'
The trio stripped her naked drew on her and attacked her during a party .
Hendry 49 was almost twice the limit for alcohol when he was stopped .
Court heard he had rowed with his beauty therapist girlfriend Sarah Kinder .
He was seen driving at up to 50mph in a 30mph zone by a police officer .
Banned and ordered to pay a total of £330  but asked for time to comply .
Former defender was made bankrupt in 2010 owing millions .
Powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake caused an avalanche on Mount Everest .
At least 18 people have died and more than 30 injured on the mountain .
There are reports the avalanche has buried people in tents at base camp .
The earthquake  Nepal's worst in 81 years  has  killed at more than 1300 .
Walter Scott was killed by a South Carolina police officer in April .
Danny Cevallos: Failure to pay child support should be a civil matter not a crime .
Fastest growing groups will be from Pakistan Bangladesh and Africa .
Minority population will increase three times faster than whites to 2051 .
Between 2011 and 2051 total population will increase from 63.4m to 77.4m .
Campaigners warn this will put strain on housing schools and the NHS .
Hundreds of patrons at Resort World Casino started brawling Friday night .
Fists metal poles and chairs flew as gangs tore around the premises .
Fight reportedly broke out at 10.30pm after two women clashed in a lineq .
Three people were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl .
Sara Martin from Lititz Pa. hadn't spoken for weeks after health declined .
But one day recently the dying motherofthree uttered the word: 'Florida'
Now devoted family is driving her there for what will likely be final holiday .
They are leaving for the city of Sarasota in southwest Florida in RV today .
Mrs Martin 37 was diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer five years ago .
She is married and has three children Carlie 12 Gretchen 11 Connor 9 .
She has not spoken again and has been told she doesn't have long to live .
A car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized .
The adults were described as being in fair condition but 'clearly emotionally distraught'
The events that led up to the accident are unknown .
The victims have not been identified but they have been confirmed as a family .
Firefighter Miguel Meza who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero .
How To Be A Young Billionaire airs tonight on Channel 4 .
Documentary features Robyn Exton who's launching a lesbian dating app .
Tech entrepreneur Josh Buckley attempts to save his shrinking fortune .
HansWilhelm MullerWohlfahrt has been working with Paula Radcliffe .
Radcliffe admits she was close to pulling out of Sunday's London Marathon .
The annual race will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career .
German doctor MullerWohlfahrt has previously worked with Ronaldo .
Owner of white Havana cob Cody said her horse looked like Black Beauty .
Tracey Hannant believes the animal wanted to go for a dip to cool down .
It took 18 firefighters to free the horse following its sixhour ordeal .
No one could believe it when Cody turned out to be white after hose down .
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up endoflife plans for over 75s .
Also applies to younger patients with serious conditions such as cancer .
Told to ask if patients wants doctors to resuscitate them if health worsens .
Medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten elderly .
Jermain Defoe scored stunning winner as Sunderland beat Newcastle 10 .
Carver admitted that Newcastle's performance was 'embarrassing'
Manager said his team were secondbest to rival in all departments .
Counterpart Dick Advocaat said result was a 'boost for everybody'
Win puts the Black Cats three points clear of the relegation zone .
Samantha Rawcliffe lost control of her body and crashed her car last May .
Days later she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably .
In September doctors diagnosed her with functional neurological disorder .
She is incontinent and confined to her house unable to walk or drive .
Darlene Feliciano a Walmart manager was out on Makapuu 'TomTom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu .
She slipped and fell 500 feet below a hole in the trail know as The Puka .
The group were on a crabbing trip near Anderson Island Washington .
They video two killer whales jumping from water at a safe distance .
Suddenly the pod get closer and swim underneath the small boat .
Video maker and friends panic and begin rowing back to shore .
The boy's mom Michelle Schwab is charged with child endangerment .
She is assistant director of KinderCare in Columbus Ohio and has 3 sons .
The company confirmed Schwab is taking a leave of absence .
Schwab was allegedly holding the child when he slipped and fell 10ft into the pit on Saturday around 3pm at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo .
He was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene he suffered from minor bruises and bumps .
The cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit .
KyheshaLee  Joughin died from bowel injuries in her father's home in 2013 .
She suffered a penetrative injury to her vagina and blows to her stomach .
Her father allegedly locked her in a room for so long she urinated and defecated on herself .
Her father and his friend who lived in the house when she died have been granted bail .
Both men will face a committal hearing next month .
Trooper Abraham Martinez jumped into the air and kicked Steven Gaydos off his bike following a highspeed chase in Houston in December 2012 .
Gaydos ran a stop sign and fled while driving on a suspended license .
Martinez shot at him four times  striking him in the leg  and when the man pulled over he kicked him off his bike .
Martinez was suspended for three days for the unconventional move .
The video emerged this week as a Texas newspaper investigated outdated tactics used in Department of Public Safety pursuits .
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell 18 has been missing since March 2 when she was home in Norfolk while on spring break from Longwood University .
Her stepgrandmother says police aren't doing enough to find AJ and that her son was unjustly arrested while pursuing his own investigation .
AJ's stepdad Wesley Hadsell has been in jail since  breaking into a home he says is connected to the crime .
Mr. Hadsell is awaiting a hearing on four charges of obstructing justice a charge of possessing ammunition after a felony and breaking and entering .
Patrick Bamford puts Middlesbrough ahead after 20 minutes .
Bamford's deflected shot takes Boro  ahead of Bournemouth .
Visitors Wigan remain in the relegation zone with six games to play .
Roxy Wallace 50 was born as a boy but wanted to live life as a woman .
She lived reclusive life unable to bond with son William due to depression .
But in October 2013 Roxy finally revealed her secret to wife of 20 years Jo .
Jo 44 supported Roxy through her transition and the trio from Churchdown Glos are now happier than ever .
William said: 'I love my second mummy so much. I never want daddy back'
Emilia Clarke who plays Daenerys Targaryen will be central to series five .
Female characters seem to outlive their male counterparts on the show .
Last season saw several of the main male characters murdered horribly .
Despite the carnage Kit Harington who plays Jon Snow is in series five .
Jodi Speidel 46 and her 45yearold husband Randy were found dead in their Bellefontaine Ohio home Tuesday .
Couple had dragged two charcoal grills inside bedroom and locked door but let their cats out and left note warning passersby of carbon monoxide .
Suicide comes two months after Speidels launched online fundraisers asking for help because they were starving and on verge of eviction .
Staff at Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks misled the Financial Ombudsman .
They obstructed investigation into PPI complaints by tampering evidence .
Politicians called for enquiry into wrongdoing between 2011 and 2013 .
MP John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud .
Liverpool go to Blackburn for FA quarterfinal replay on Wednesday .
Gary Bowyer's recalled John O'Sullivan from League One Barnsley .
Because the midfielder was on loan for first tie he can't play in replay .
Bowyer's squad have played 13 games in 43 days with a squad of 24 .
Crash occurred in Lewiston Idaho about 8am Wednesday .
Driver Sitko 23 crashed off the road and drove through property .
His truck was stopped from dropping off Bryden Canyon by a fence .
A passerby smashed the window and dragged him to safety .
The man fled when police and paramedics arrived .
Sitko is recovering from minor injuries in hospital .
Sevenweekold Grace Roseman died in adjustable Bednest Bed Side crib .
The cot  endorsed by the National Children's Trust  has a panel which can be folded down to allow parents to be closer to their children as they sleep .
But a 'safety' ridge cut off oxygen supply to her brain an inquest has heard .
Squatters have set up shanty town just yards from Runnymede in Surrey .
The group who are linked to Occupy London have left locals outraged .
One member said they were using the land to grow their own vegetables .
They have been given two weeks to submit a defence ahead of hearing .
Footage shows stingray gliding itself over a diver's body on ocean floor .
Diver and documentary maker Johnny Debnam was freediving meaning diving without a breathing apparatus .
He lay motionless on the ocean floor and stingray came to investigate .
Stingrays are potentially deadly animals due to their dangerous barbs .
The Bentley RType Continental Fastback was expected to sell for £200000 .
But an anonymous car collector bought it for £739212 in Surrey yesterday .
When the vintage car is restored it could be worth more than £1million .
Described as 'one of the rarest cars of its time' as only 218 cars were made .
Clare Goldwin has forked out for pricey Boden clothes for her daughter .
But she has never wanted to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' herself .
The brand seems to have its style and the fashion world is impressed .
Clare put a selection of their latest outfits to the test for FEMAIL .
Patrick Revins was caught selling heroin to an undercover police officer .
Bungling drug dealer was identified by 'P' and 'R' tattoos on his forehead .
Revins 49 had hidden small amounts of Class A drug inside a Kinder Egg .
He admitted one count of supplying heroin and was jailed for a year .
Memphis Depay has been linked with a summer move to Man United .
Tottenham and Man City are also said to be keeping tabs on PSV star .
Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season .
The Dutch ace worked under Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup .
Ronald Koeman has urged his team to focus on European qualification .
Koeman is trying to ignore media speculation about his players .
The Saints manager rubbished claims about Victor Wanyama leaving .
Boss says he is not surprised his players want Champions League football .
65 Parmigiani watches given to FIFA delegates at World Cup in Brazil .
FIFA ethics committee ordered the watch be given back .
Greg Dyke did not give his back as he wanted to auction it for charity .
Dyke has now given the watch back with all 65 to be donated to charity .
Wei Tingting Wang Man Zheng Churan Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong are free .
They will be under police surveillance for a year and have their activities restricted attorney says .
The international community has harshly criticized keeping the women in custody .
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 13199 on Saturday night .
Win was 57th of the season for Eastern Conference leaders .
Hawks' Paul Millsap suffers a shoulder injury in first half .
Boston Celtics beat Toronto Raptors in overtime to boost playoff hopes .
West leaders Golden State Warriors see off Dallas Mavericks 123110 .
9 in 10 teens go online every day unable to resist the lure of Facebook .
Parents also face a nightmare monitoring children as 71% of teens use more than one social network the Pew Research Centre found .
Nearly threequarters of teens have or have access to a smartphone .
Jason Edward Harrington worked for the government agency for six years .
Said staff would pull attractive people aside so they could touch them .
Would also conduct bag checks on passengers on people they do not like .
Made claims following revelation agency fired two employees in Denver .
The pair manipulated body scanners so they could grope male passengers .
Manchester United take on rival Manchester City on Sunday .
Wayne Rooney knows pride is at stake in the Premier League clash .
United have lost their last four meeting against City .
Sergio Aguero: Scoring at Manchester United  gives me shivers .
READ: Just how 'Manc' is the Manchester derby?
Kimi Raikkonen finished ahead of Ferrari teammate Sebastian Vettel .
British driver and Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton finished 16th .
Jenson Button stalled his car right at start of the practice session .
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 76. 62 in their Miami semifinal .
The world No 1 will take on Andy Murray in Sunday's final .
Djokovic is bidding to win his fifth title at Key Biscayne .
Tiny copper coin is dated to the Iron Age almost 2300 years ago .
It was found in Saltford between Bristol and Bath in South West England .
Bears image of a horse's head and the Carthaginian goddess Tanit .
Find suggests trading links between South West and the Mediterranean .
Ben Stokes holed out in the deep for eight on day three in Grenada .
As Stokes left the field Marlon Samuels stood and saluted his foe .
Curtly Ambrose said: 'There's nothing wrong with a little bantering'
Graeme Swann said the salute made him 'laugh tea out of my nose'
England lead by 74 runs at stumps on day three in St George's .
There are few similarities between Democrats Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb .
But they find themselves in a similar position as longshot presidential hopefuls .
Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a transfer away from Wolfsburg .
His agent Patrick De Koster says that clubs are watching the Belgian but denies a deal is in place with any team to buy the talented playmaker .
De Bruyne has starred for the German side this season in the Bundesliga .
Jenson Button denied 100th race start for McLaren after ERS failure .
Button then spent much of the Bahrain Grand Prix on Twitter delivering his verdict on the action as it unfolded .
Lewis Hamilton has outqualified and finished ahead of Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg at every race this season .
Bernie Ecclestone confirms F1 will make its bow in Azerbaijan next season .
A man killed in a raid in the Philippines in January was a "most wanted" terrorist the FBI says .
Marwan was a Malaysian believed to have provided support to Islamist terror groups .
44 elite Philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last month .
Constable Neale McShane has spent 10 years patrolling Birdsville in QLD .
The 59yearold is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia .
His jurisdiction which contains the Simpson desert is the size of the UK .
Temperatures in the remote region can reach upwards of 50 degrees .
McShane will retire later this year and police are looking for a replacement .
KealeighAnne Woolley was 7 months old when Colin Heath shook her .
Violent incident left her blind unable to talk and severely brain damaged .
Spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube .
Heath was jailed for manslaughter at Birmingham Crown Court today .
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in Champions League quarterfinal .
Diego Simeone's side have not lost to their city rivals in six games .
Former Chelsea striker Fernando Torres has hailed manager's influence .
Chris Riley 56 from Dorset says Turner has the technique all wrong .
Mr Riley who says his look is more Iggy Pop says being topless is a nono .
Meanwhile fans have  complained about lack of shirtless scenes last night .
Poldark kept his shirt on for the whole of Sunday night's episode .
Disappointed fans complained about the oversight on Twitter .
Darren Jones was seen swaying on his feet moments before going on air .
The 28yearold stepped away from his podium with seconds to spare .
He collapsed in front of the audience on Made in Bristol's Decision Made .
Later the candidate said he had been feeling poorly all day before show .
Incident occurred as the Boeing 737800 landed at Khajuraho airport .
Plane tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway .
Crew ordered an evacuation and passengers slid down emergency slides .
Jet Airways said no one was injured and reports of a fire were false .
Monk Wu Yunqing who was 102 sits in lotus position in golden cloak .
Skin hair and facial features are all clearly visible years later .
Mummification a form of higher enlightenment for some Buddhist monks .
A large porcelain vase is the key to the success of preserving bodies .
Mandy Dunford forced out of home after neighbour exposed himself to her .
Kenneth Ward was naked apart from socks and boots as he followed her .
Military historian performed sex acts in front of her at North Yorkshire farm .
67yearold jailed in 2011 but now released and able to return to his house .
Ms Dunford 54 said her 'only option was to pack up and leave' her home .
Pilot Zachary Cain Stickler 34 charged with domestic violence .
Intentionally crashed plane into a field day after pleading not guilty .
Texted friends and family before crash of his plans to kill himself .
For confidential help call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 18002738255 or click here .
For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .
Raheem Sterling's contract with Liverpool expires in the summer of 2017 .
The forward could buyout the final year of his deal for  £1.7million .
Liverpool may be forced to accept a much lower bid for the 20yearold .
Slaven Bilic is in the frame to replace Sam Allardyce at West Ham .
Southampton set to make summer bid for Man United's Javier Hernandez .
Tottenham still interested in move for Aston Villa's Christian Benteke .
West Ham determined to keep hold of Chelsea target Aaron Cresswell .
Team of scientists discovered new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale .
Seven millionyearold Nanokogia isthmia bones were found in Panama .
Suggest the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution .
Today's larger sperm whales are able to navigate under water with ease .
Philip Kirby was jailed for eight years in 2011 for raping Gemma Redhead .
The 32yearold raped his former partner and mother of his child at knifepoint and was jailed and banned from contacting her for life .
He was released from prison after three years and phoned Ms Redhead who was left terrified and feeling trapped by call from her former partner .
Kirby has been returned to prison and will not be released until 2023 .
Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one night a month for grooming regime .
Sydney couple tint trim spray tan and wax each other .
Sharon's attempt to give husband 'optical extra inch' had horrifying results .
Grooming began when Sharon needed guinea pig for beauty training .
Fair Trade photographs aim to focus on the people in sweatshops .
Reveals tragic tales of staff in Bangladesh Cambodia and Sierra Leone .
Highlights daily life for children working in appalling conditions .
Campaigners hoping to make buyers think about origin of garments .
Sussex Police poster features two young women taking a selfie .
The message urges female friends to 'stick together' on a night out .
Campaigners say police should be targeting potential rapists instead .
But police say they have an obligation to urge women to minimise risks .
Britney E. Montenegro was charged with disorderly conduct .
She got into a fight in downtown Orlando about 2.40am Saturday .
Police say she charged at another woman 'with her fists raised'
She had a minor cut on her shoulder and blood all over her face .
Montenegro is a college student and originally from Queens New York .
Roland Giroux captured his relationship with his fish on camera .
The blood parrot cichlid swims in circles and waits in man's hand .
The man then begins massaging and stroking its body with his finger .
Mr Giroux claims the fish becomes frustrated if not stroked each day .
The world has been paying tribute to Richie Benaud the 'voice of cricket'
Former Australia captain and legendary cricket commentator died aged 84 .
In November Benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer .
Americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought .
Tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a California restaurant .
Perhaps the only good thing is another "great" wine grape harvest last year .
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS .
It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit .
Would have a range of 100km and could target things less than 1cm in size .
The team says their proposal could remove 'most' of the debris in orbit .
Manchester United face rivals Manchester City in the league on Sunday .
Robin van Persie has missed United's last six games through injury .
31yearold striker has scored 10 goals in 24 league games this season .
United have won their last five league matches climbing up to third .
Rio Ferdinand: Wayne Rooney up top is reason behind United's good form .
Women have been writing love letters to Ivan Milat for years book reveals .
'Why they write to me is a puzzle' Milat says .
Some letters are from a woman he was acquitted of raping at knifepoint .
Milat brutally murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992 .
He is serving seven consecutive life sentences at Goulburn Supermax jail .
He writes up to twice a week to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey .
Shipsey has used 94 of Milat's letters in a new book about the killer .
Created by designers Maya Pindeus 24 and Johanna Pichlbauer 25 .
'Beautification' machines apply eyeliner and lipstick to participants .
Art project debuted at Biennale Internationale Design SaintEtienne 2015 .
Jessica Carey had her grandmother's portrait tattooed on her forearm .
She then drove almost four hours to surprise her grandmother with it .
Her grandmother Patty Lawing's priceless reaction is captured on film .
Jeff Powell looks ahead to Saturday's fight at the MGM Grand .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in $300m showdown .
Both fighters arrived in Las Vegas on Tuesday with public appearances .
READ: Mayweather makes official arrival ahead of Manny Pacquiao fight .
Al Haymon: The man behind Mayweather who is revolutionising boxing .
Mayweather vs Pacquiao takes centre stage... but who's on the undercard?
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT  Deborah Fuller dragged her oneyearold dog behind her car for 400 metres at a speed of around 30mph .
Animal was left with wounds to paws and elbow and grazes on his stomach .
Fuller a breeder failed to quickly take the animal to vet which could have reduced the 'unnecessary suffering' of the Rhodesian ridgeback .
She was banned from keeping animals for five years and given a curfew .
Three people killed five wounded in attack on attorney general's office in Balkh province .
Staff and civilians have been rescued as gunmen engaged Afghan security forces .
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 20 in La Liga on Wednesday night .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the Spanish giants .
Ronaldo was also booked for diving in the area but it appeared unfair .
Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to Ronaldo .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
This book is an exquisite account of what farming life is really like .
The stark prose brilliantly evokes the horror of the footandmouth of 2001 .
Rebanks studied for a degree at Oxford before returning to his rural roots .
WABC reporter Lisa Colagrossi died March 19 while covering a story in New York City .
At her funeral on March 23 her mother Lois reportedly blamed her death on station news director Camille Edwards .
U.S. RC135U plane was flying near Poland when Russian jet 'cut across'
Pentagon says Russian SU27 Flanker made 'aggressive maneuvers'
Russia insists they were trying to identify the plane by circling it .
Jeanette Rosenquist spotted the bird just outside Copenhagen Denmark .
Bird collected moss grass and straw to line nest in damaged street light .
Blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to ready a nest for eggs .
Female usually builds nest by herself with little or no help from the male .
The #kyliejennerchallenge is currently sweeping social media .
Method involves creating an airlock which forces lips to swell .
Teens are hoping to emulate Kylie Jenner's puffy pout .
Misao Okawa died peacefully in her nursing home surrounding by family .
Born in 1898 greatgrandmother celebrated her 117th birthday on March 5 .
Gertrude Weaver 116 from Arkansas USA now world's oldest person .
Mark O'Meara made the cut at the Masters for the first time in 10 years .
O'Meara secured the title back in 1998 .
The 58yearold American is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 .
Christine Davidson lost her battle to cancer at an Adelaide nursing home .
Her diamond ring was last seen three weeks before she passed away .
The family has claimed a brazen thief is behind the missing ring .
The 61yearold wanted to hand her ring down to her only granddaughter .
The family have launched an emotional public appeal to get her ring back .
A local jewellery store has offered a $1000 reward for anyone providing information that leads to finding the missing ring .
Ronald Pearson and his wife Miriam met and were married during WWII .
He was a sergeant in the RAF police while she worked as a driver for ATS .
The 'inseparable' couple settled in Broughton near Chester to raise family .
They died last month within two days of each other at the ages of 94 and 95 .
Their marriage was described as 'greatest true love story' at joint funeral .
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me OK?' he asked TODAY's Savannah Guthrie as she tried to corner him Wednesday morning .
Paul unleashed on on a female CNBC anchor during a line of questioning he considered 'slanted' he shushed her and told to 'calm down a bit'
'I think I have been universally shorttempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that' he now concedes .
Admission summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant  a day that also included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the Democratic Party over lateterm abortion .
Paul declared that she seems to be 'OK with killing a 7pound baby'
Both Chelsea and Manchester City are keen on signing Nathan .
The attacking midfielder has been in contract dispute with his current club .
Nathan is due to speak to Chelsea next week ahead of proposed move .
Nelson Oliveira is onloan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica .
Oliveira set to make only his second Premier League start against Leicester .
Swansea outcast is hopeful of proving his worth in England .
Portugal international was once linked with a move to Manchester United .
Southern metal bands Khaotika and Wormreich were in 15person van .
Eight injured in crash after van comes 300ft off the Georgia interstate .
Three men who died were thrown from the vehicle as it hit trees .
Atlantabased Khaotika Alabamabased Wormreich were heading to show .
David Suchet is seeking better treatment for those with genetic diseases .
68yearold's grandson has rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex .
Suchet claims ‘mismanagement’ in the NHS means Todd is not receiving treatment that could help .
Lorenzo Simon 34 forced tenant Michael Spalding to decorate his flat .
Police said Simon forced him to work up until midnight like a 'slave'
But following an argument Mr Spalding was stabbed and dismembered .
After hacking him into pieces Simon stuffed the body parts into suitcases .
Police also discovered pieces of bone inside a drum used for bonfires .
Simon was today found guilty of murder and will be sentenced next week .
Martial law has been lifted in Thailand after 10 months .
It has been replaced by a new order granting sweeping powers to the military junta .
Critics warn the move deepens the country's "descent into dictatorship"
Australian plus size model Laura Wells releases ecofriendly swimwear .
The swim range goes up to size 24 and is 100 per cent recyclable material .
The prints Australian ocean inspired designs and coral reef colours .
The swimwear is a collaboration with US brand Swim Sexy .
Men are learning to embrace their grey hair with style  and women love it .
FEMAIL checks out the young trendsetters and classic silverhaired stars .
We offer grooming tips from experts to help your man go grey gracefully .
Witness who took video of shooting said when he arrived officer was on top of Walter Scott .
Feidin Santana says Walter Scott didn't take Michael Slager's Taser .
Santana said he never saw officers perform CPR before he left the scene to go to work .
NASA scientists discuss steps to discover life elsewhere in the universe over the next two decades .
Meg Urry: Life elsewhere in the universe and even elsewhere in our own Milky Way galaxy is practically inevitable .
But the chances that we can communicate with that life are slim she writes .
Chad Geyen of Ramsey Minnesota was found dead on Sunday of a selfinflicted gunshot wound .
The married father of two had been reported missing on Saturday .
He was set to stand trial Monday on five counts of firstdegree and two counts of seconddegree criminal sexual conduct .
Six boys claim they were sexually abused by the man hundreds of times starting when some were as young as 5yearsold .
One of the boys was even taken in by Geyen as a foster child .
The Hennepin County medical examiner’s office is set to release further details about Geyen's death later this week .
ExBrazil striker Ronaldo is a coowner of Fort Lauderdale Strikers .
Ronaldo insists the club will target signing the best players in the world .
Ronaldo believes the lifestyle in the United States appeals to top players .
Newport Gwent Dragons scored tries through Hallam Amos and Nic Cudd along with a penalty try .
Cardiff replied with scores from Lloyd Williams Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi .
Wales captain Sam Warburton was in action for the Blues .
Justin Robertson convicted of murdering Pennie Davis in September 2014 and sentenced to life in prison with 32 years minimum .
Victim was found dead by her husband in a paddock in the New Forest .
Robertson was paid £1500 to kill her by Benjamin Carr her exlover's son .
Carr wanted to stop her telling the police about sexual assault claims .
The Oak Bottle claims to 'oak age' wine in hours rather than years .
The product retails at £50 and promises to impart authentic aged flavours .
Oz Clarke says its a fun product and would make an interesting gift .
Visit oakbottle.com. The Pocket Wine Book by Oz Clarke is published by Pavilion Books at £9.99.
Angela Maxwell returned to Coningsby Community Hall yesterday morning .
The 67yearold and her husband won £53million in last week's lottery .
Couple said they planned to spend money on a new minibus for local OAPs .
Mrs Maxwell volunteers for the council preparing meals for pensioners .
She returned to the lunchtime club yesterday morning despite the windfall .
Arsenal host topfour rivals Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon in the Premier League contest .
The Gunners won all four of their Premier League games in March to sit third in the league table .
Arsene Wenger and Olivier Giroud won Manager and Player of the Month for an inform Arsenal side .
The Gunners are six points ahead of Liverpool in the race for Champions League qualification next season .
Coloring books made for adults are popular on Amazon's bestselling books list .
Books with calming meditative and spiritual themes appeal to adults looking to unwind .
John Carver has become the target of fans angry with how the club is run .
His depleted and disinterested squad have lost five games in succession .
Supporter sites have organised a boycott of the clash with Tottenham .
Steve McClaren has already been tipped as a replacement for Carver .
Hobart International Airport's website hacked by Islamic State supporters .
Tasmanian Police were made aware of the incident at 5.30am on Sunday .
The website is temporarily shut down police are monitoring the airport .
No threats were made towards Hobart Airport or flight operations .
Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .
In total 1177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals  Mara Salvatrucha .
The gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation but by how dangerous they are .
Clinton was at Kristin's Bakery in Keene NH in advance of a smallbusiness roundtable event .
She sat with a handful of customers and made her way to the back to greet employees .
But a cashier told Daily Mail Online that some of the kitchen staff 'didn't want to come out to meet Hillary' because 'they just don't like her'
Clinton's communications director said it's helpful to recruit future Hillary evangelists from among Democratic activists by prescreening them to meet Hillary in small settings as cameras click .
'If someone like that loves her then they'll talk to other people and so on and that's going to help' she said .
Palmieri wouldn't rule out the possibility that some at the bakery on Monday were asked to come .
Denmark's previous law only banned bestiality if it harmed the animal .
Decided to toughen up laws after it became a stop for animal sex tourists .
There are reports of animal sex shows clubs and even animal brothels .
Almost one in five vets suspect they have treated an bestiality victim .
John R. Lind 34 from New Brighton Minnesota admitted to tainting drink .
The bizarre act was part of a ploy to get coworker Pat Maahs to notice him .
Would do it when she wasn't at her desk at Beisswenger’s hardware store .
He will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on May 22 .
Jailed millionaire arrested in March for 'gun and marijuana possession'
On Thursday a Louisiana state judge threw out the case .
Lawyers believe he will win federal case with similar charges .
Durst is also charged with murder in California .
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh was deported from Pakistan to the United States .
The U.S. citizen is accused of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists .
Parents and grandparents flocking to social media site .
Almost 60% of Britons aged over 55 now have Facebook account .
Many have left site while others block posts from family members .
Brad Pitt set up charity to build new houses after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Make It Right Foundation embroiled in legal action after homes began to rot .
Claims it was lured into buying the special wood only to discover it rotted .
Charity is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for ‘in excess’ of $500k .
Wilfried Zaha posted Instagram photo of FIFA 16 closeup shots .
The Crystal Palace winger has been in fine form for the Eagles .
Zaha has scored twice since making move to Selhurst Park permanent .
FIFA 16 is set to be released by EA Sports later this year .
Denis Suarez scored an 87th minute winner to make it 21 to Sevilla in the firstleg of the Europa League quarterfinal against Zenit .
Khouma Babacar scored a late equaliser for Fiorentina to secure a vital away goal against Dynamo Kiev .
Club Brugge and Dnipro played out a tense goalless draw .
Mick Tabone and Gregory the crocodile shared a 20 year long friendship .
Mr Tabone captured the croc in 1989 after he caught it stealing cattle .
Gregory lived at Johnstone River Crocodile Farm in farnorth Queensland .
Each day Mr Tabone would sit on the croc's back while chatting to him .
Ed Miliband lost one of the backers of his high profile support letter .
Blogger Callie Thorpe was one of the 'ordinary workers' who signed it .
Just hours later she tweeted her support for Greens leader Natalie Bennett .
Our houses are overtaken with dust mites leading to winter illnesses .
We shed 50g every week in dead skin mostly in our bed .
Dust mites feed off dead human and animal skin and multiply .
They leave Australians with cold or flulike symptoms .
Scientists recommend a weekly wash of our bed sheets .
Jessica Kemp 32 has slammed Seminole County Elementary in Eustis .
Faculty have threatened to remove her kindergartner son Logan .
Claims the oils aide him and haven't caused problems before .
School district have said they will not suspend him as it's a 'health issue'
Dr Joe Hanson is a science writer and biologist based in Austin Texas .
He calculated what a hypothetical single 'human molecule' might look like .
It would contain 375 million hydrogen atoms and 85 million carbon atoms .
He also calculated that all the chemical elements in the human body could be worth upto $2000 if they were isolated and sold on the open market .
Zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants in South Africa .
Attackers have targeted foreigners and their businesses .
A Los Angeles judge ruled this week that V. Stiviano must return $2.6 million in gifts she was given by former Clippers owner Donald Sterling .
Shelly Sterling said on Wednesday that she feels vindicated by the win and will be giving the money to charity .
She said that she and Sterling never split and even though she drew up divorce papers last year she never filed them .
The ruling came a year after the NBA banned Sterling for life over a recording of him telling Stiviano not to associate with black people .
Manchester United beat their rivals City 42 at Old Trafford on Sunday .
Gary Neville was cocommentator with Martin Tyler for the derby .
'Smalling has scored. It's a mauling for City' said Neville at one point .
The former United defender's commentary was fit for the occasion .
BMW Mini made the concept Augmented Vision goggles with Qualcomm .
Give wearers Xray vision when parking and popup data on the dashboard .
Elvisstyle glasses are also designed to be worn out of the car .
There's no news about whether the goggles will ever go on sale .
A Texas A&M Galveston professor said in an email to students he would fail the entire class .
University officials won't necessarily stand by failing grades CNN affiliate KPRC reports .
Liverpool have released their new kit for the 201516 season .
The Reds have had plenty of memorable strips from down the years .
Sportsmail picks five favourites from home and away kits .
Arshdeep and Shinder Kaur were sexually assaulted on a bus in Punjab .
A group surrounded them and bus staff joined when they complained .
When Mrs Kaur 38 alerted the driver he answered by driving faster .
Arshdeep 14 died and Mrs Kaur seriously injured after being pushed off .
More than 70 animals were found living in disgusting conditions in Arizona .
One cat was found dead and many were suffering with medical problems .
Belonged to John Koepke who is banned from keeping any pets until May .
He is now facing charges of failing to provide shelter and veterinary bills .
Ashley Young kicked off a Manchester United comeback with his goal .
Vincent Kompany endured a torrid time before being subbed at the break .
Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata both scored in Manchester derby win .
Sergio Aguero scored twice but his teammates were not up to his level .
Millie Marotta's book Animal Kingdom features detailed line illustrations .
The £3.99 book is currently #1 on Amazon's Top 100 Books list .
The 36yearold illustrator resides and works in Tenby Wales .
Admiral insurance has complained about use of text speak in applications .
'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' just one example of the poorly worded forms .
Welsh Assembly asked companies to say why school leavers out of work .
Hilary Mantel has been tweaking stage version of Wolf Hall for Broadway .
Her awardwinning Bring Up the Bodies has been renamed 'Wolf Hall II'
It may also be shorter as the author was said to have cut 'lot of repetition'
Show opens in America's Broadway with original British cast tomorrow .
Bryan Morseman of Bath New York won marathons on March 14 15 and 22 .
The 29yearold's winnings went toward medical bills for his ninemonthold son who has spina bifida a developmental congenital disorder .
The disorder develops in the womb when a baby's spinal column doesn't form properly .
Morseman said his son Leeim gives him inspiration to run the races .
He has won 23 of the 42 marathons he's run since his first in 2008 .
Manchester United host Manchester City in Premier League on Sunday .
Mark Clattenburg has been named as the Manchester derby referee .
Official sent off Vincent Kompany for Belgium and both his red cards shown in the league this season have been to United players .
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov .
Matthysse managed to open a cut early on landing majority of punches .
But he was on the ropes before regaining control in the fifth round .
He outlined his plans to fight Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao .
Joanessa Clawson 35 her husband James 38 and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre 68 all face felony conspiracy charges .
They 'set up the page claiming the couple's threeyearold daughter had a heart infection after undergoing surgery and asked for $3000'
After other parents expressed their suspicions Mrs Clawson 'provided them with the number of a nurse  which led to her own mother's phone'
A teacher asked police to check on the girl and she was found to be well .
Snooker's most dramatic final gripped 18.5million viewers in 1985 .
Steve Davis had an 80 advantage when he missed a green ball .
Dennis Taylor fought back heroically and eventually won the final 1817 .
Pictures show the late lamented actor laughing and joking while on set .
Peter O'Toole continued filming despite suffering from a longterm illness .
Director Michael Redwood paid tribute to actor's unique sense of humour .
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria hits cinemas today .
No criminal charges against 86yearold but alleged victims could sue .
Extent of disgraced peer's dementia could be examined as part of cases .
Veteran politician accused of historic sex abuse dating back to 1969 .
Alleged he sexually abused young boys in care homes in Leicestershire .
Former government advisor reveals nononsense childrearing secrets .
Taught her babies to selfsoothe by letting them cry in their own rooms .
Exwife of Chris Huhne was jailed for perverting the course of justice .
Wendy Wei Mei Wu has purchased the private 217 hectare Slipper Island .
Her daughter claims her mother is undecided on future plans for the island .
It offers two airstrips and six houses with ocean views and nearby beaches .
The sale divided the Needham family who owned the island for 45 years .
90 per cent of bets on the royal baby's sex have been on a girl .
One Scottish punter in Edinburgh placed a bet of £2000 yesterday .
Favourite potential birth dates include the 18th 19th and 20th April .
The Duchess of Cambridge's official due date is the 25th April .
Popular names include Alice Victoria Arthur and James .
Rugby School in Warwickshire known as the birthplace as modern rugby after celebrated incident .
Pupil Webb Ellis ran with a football during a match in 1823 with the new game codified by pupils within decades .
School is steeped in tradition and maintains its historic link with sport of rugby on its playing fields and in museum .
The April lunar eclipse turned the moon blood red on Saturday night .
Bad weather ruined viewing chances for Sydney Brisbane Hobart Darwin .
Adelaide and Melbourne had the clearest skies out of all the states .
A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of Earth .
Victims and their families of a US study that infected individuals with syphilis in Guatemala without their knowledge are suing Johns Hopkins .
In a $1billion lawsuit 750 plaintiffs claim the college approved and helped to plan the study which ran from 1945 to 1956 .
The victims were mostly orphans children prisoners soldiers prostitutes and mental patients .
Marta Orellana was just 9 years old when one day at the orphanage she was ordered to go to the infirmary and infected with the disease .
Federico Mesa was a solider who was forcibly injected with syphilis as a soldier and passed it along to his family .
Marta Ruiz's husband was infected and she gave birth to one child who did not have a brain and another who is severely handicapped .
Another woman Victoria claims she was born blind because he father was infected .
Blindness deformities and death are just some of the problems babies born with congenital syphilis face .
A lawyer for Johns Hopkins has called the suit 'baseless'
Kayla Mooney who is in her first year teaching in Danbury Connecticut 'engaged in sexual contact with a male student off campus last year'
She turned herself in on Tuesday following a seven week police investigation after administrators learned of the alleged relationship .
British Veterinary Association has withdrawn its support of pilot culls .
Freerunning badgers would be trapped and shot in controversial method .
BVA said the scheme had not demonstrated it was effective and humane .
But it says it still supports badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle .
Princess 25 spotted in bowler hat on streets of New York .
Carried shopping bag from Intermix  a designer brand store .
Cousin of Princes William and Harry is working at auction house in city .
Kim Richards who will tell her story to Dr. Phil tomorrow  is now in a Malibu rehab facility .
The star was out of control when she was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel April 16 .
She admits to Dr Phil that she drank a big glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's house before she got in her car to return home .
Feeling woozy she stopped at the hotel and went straight to the Polo Lounge .
She claims the bar was closed and she did not drink any more .
But when she went over to chat with a couple of strangers the maître d' got testy .
When he accused her of trespassing and threatened to call police she flipped out .
Writer took Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel from Monaco to Rome .
The smaller ship proves more intimate and can access more ports .
Stops included St Tropez Porto Vecchio Sardinia and Amalfi .
Drove along the Amalfi Coast to a buffalo farm in Pontecagnano .
Brazil extends 'deepest sympathy' to family of executed Brazilian .
Indonesia executed eight death row inmates early Wednesday .
Australian PM calls executions "cruel and unnecessary"
Shrinking Florida Everglades is proof positive climate change is real and is threatening America's 'national treasures' president said today .
Obama also took a half hour walking tour of the the Anhinga Trail at the 1.5millionacre national park before giving his speech and heading home .
'I can’t think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our nation’s greatest natural treasures the Everglades' he said calling the swamp which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp 'magical'
Day trip on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' also highlighted massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One  9000 gallons for today's flights alone .
Asylum seekers and refugees applying to be cab drivers are not checked .
Drivers usually undergo criminal records checks for the public's safety .
Those from outside the EU must provide reference from their home nation .
But refugees and asylum seekers are exempt and may be serious criminals .
Yervand Garginian a 60yearold Melbourne bus driver has gone viral .
He filmed a video showing Australians how to cook a 'real barbecue'
His daughter posted it online and it received more than five million views .
Let Toys Be Toys highlighted some of today's 'sexist' toys .
Started hashtag #NotAnAprilFools on April 1 sharing pictures online .
Toys include cookery books with separate foods for boys and girls .
Babygro for girls reads 'I hate my thighs'  the boys' one says 'I'm super'
Charles N'Zogbia turned up for training wearing flowery shirt and trousers .
Shay Given described it as worst outfit ever as he mocked him on Twitter .
Villa keeper posted a picture of N'Zogbia's outfit on social media .
Stylist Lily Melrose has  imaginative ways to update your wardrobe .
UK blogger shares DIY tips to take winter clothes into spring  on the cheap .
They include bejewelling sunglasses and fringing boots .
George Bailey will play the second half of the NatWest T20 Blast .
He has signed a deal with Sussex to take over from Mahela Jayawardene .
The batsman has captained Australia in both limitedovers formats .
He has also had a spell with Hampshire .
California supplies more than threequarters of world's almond market .
But the state is now in its fourth year of drought and there is growing anger .
Growers  who need a gallon of water to make a nut  are still planting trees .
Anger that the almond industry has been left to expand its orchards .
Reanne Evans attempted to become first woman to qualify for Crucible .
The 10time world ladies' champion was beaten by Ken Doherty .
Barry Hearn says that Evans will not receive a seasonlong tour wildcard .
President Barack Obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at turning gays into heterosexuals .
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17yearold Leelah Alcorn .
The American Psychiatric Association has long opposed conversion therapy and says being gay is not a mental disorder .
Crashed Porsche 911 into builder's lorry on traffic queues in Nottingham .
Traffic was built up because of road closure after nearby cycling accident .
Onlooker said driver 'looked absolutely distraught' after collision with lorry .
Dante de Blasio 17 to make his decision by the end of the month .
His father has said that despite his sixfigure salary the family will struggle to meet cost to send son to Ivy League school .
SBS sports journalist Scott McIntyre made the comments on the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli campaign .
He accused Anzac's of war crimes and mocked their bravery .
Outraged social media users launched the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre .
Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull called the comments 'inappropriate' and 'despicable' and called for their condemnation .
MIC's Andy Jordan spoke to MailOnline  about how Chelsea boys holiday .
He got stopped on his gap year in Mexico and were searched for drugs .
The star said Spencer was the most high maintenance traveller .
Leicester will add New Zealander Mike Fitzgerald to their ranks next season .
Tigers have already confirmed the signing of Waratahs wing Peter Betham .
Fitzgerald has helped the Waikatobased Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles .
Harry Kane has 29 goals for Tottenham this season and played for England .
Tim Sherwood says Tottenham may lose him if they don't improve as fast .
Sherwood said Christian Benteke has found form through greater service .
Pensioners are being offered mortgages that will be paid off at age of 105 .
Nationwide is giving anyone up to  70 the chance to take out a 35year loan .
Tempting for over55s with pensions released under reforms to buy houses .
The woman named Dawn was appearing on ITV's The Jeremy Kyle Show .
Accused her close friend and housemate Jamie of stealing £207 .
The money had been set aside for a grave stone for baby Daniel James .
A sobbing Dawn revealed that the baby was the seventh she has lost .
The Jeremy Kyle Show weekdays at 9.25am on ITV .
James Ward 31 attacked at his home by two intruders wielding an axe .
Horrific attack severed one finger and left him needing 38 staples .
Mr Ward says he is now too scared to return home and is in hiding .
Man 23 charged with aggravated burglary and grievous bodily harm .
WARNING: Graphic content .
Lorraine Valentine 42 suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP)
Rare condition means she burns itches and swells in sunlight or UV light .
Was hospitalised for 6 days with burns after a family holiday in Lanzarote .
Has to cover herself completely as  small amounts of light leave her in pain .
Firstteam squad play head tennis with future talent at  Academy Day .
Presence of Phil Jagielka James McCarthy and co proves a huge success .
Roberto Martinez and his staff also at Finch Farm for annual fun event .
Everton are unbeaten in their last six Premier League games winning five .
Walmart Supercenter was ranked the second worst  in Consumer Reports' annual supermarket survey .
It earned 64 points along with A&P and Waldbaum's which was ranked the worst out of 68 supermarkets surveyed .
Publix was ranked second best followed by Trader Joe's and Fareway stores .
A proposed ban on alcohol in Indonesia could deter Australians from Bali .
The number of Aussie tourists visiting the island continues to rise .
Mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban .
But it will not apply to certain tourist locations including fivestar hotels .
The proposal could become law as early as the end of this year if backed by President Joko Widodo .
Morocco had been banned from the 2017 and 2019 African Cup of Nations .
The Confederation of African Football imposed the ban after Morocco pulled out as hosts of the tournament two months from it starting .
Morocco fear the health risks of fans travelling from Ebolaaffected areas .
The Court of Arbitration for Sport lifted the ban and reduced the fine imposed from $1million to $50000 .
Leonie Granger 25 convinced Mehmet Hassan she was interested in him .
She went to his flat with him and let in her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson and his accomplice Nicholas Chandler .
They kicked Hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings .
Granger has been convicted of manslaughter as the two men were found guilty of murder .
Council chiefs attached the leaflets which promoted recycling to green bins .
It told StratforduponAvon residents what could and could not go in them .
But embarrassingly a footnote on the poster read: 'This is not recyclable'
A 480house development is proposed for next to a popular theme park .
Council plans don't mention the Helston amusement Flambards .
New owner Ian Cunningham fears people will buy houses then later complain about the noise leading to restrictions on his park .
Amir Khan released a video last week saying he would fight Chris Algieri .
The British star has since been criticised for his choice of opponent .
Khan also had the opportunity to fight Kell Brook at Wembley in June .
Brook wants to return to action at the O2 in London on May 30 .
UPDATE: Shelby Offrink lost her battle to cancer on June 28 2015 .
Offrink was diagnosed at 30 with rare inoperable brain cancer .
Her husband Ben was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma which had been in remission 15 years .
Women competed on same course as men and on same day for first time .
The women’s race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley .
Oxford University women’s rowing team beat Cambridge on historic day .
And male colleagues won for the third time running in the 161st race .
Natural World Safaris offers tourists the opportunity to share space with the endangered species .
The sevenday package includes 'basic accommodation' and no guarantee you'll see a rare tiger .
Guests are guided by conservationist Alexander Batalov who works tirelessly to protect Siberian tigers .
Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford was named Championship Player of the Year for his displays for Middlesbrough .
Preston's Joe Garner won League One award while Danny Mayor collected the League Two gong at the Football League Awards .
MK Dons midfielder Dele Alli won the Young Player of the Year award .
Veteran Time magazine film critic Richard Corliss died Thursday night in New York City .
Corliss reviewed more than 1000 movies and authored four books on film .
His vehicle struck mailbox as it was approaching a curve near Cartersville .
Burns helped found the Southern hard rock band in Jacksonville Florida .
Played on hit songs like Sweet Home Alabama Simple Man and Free Bird .
Cartersville is about 125 miles away from Macon where Duane Allman died .
After 1971 death of Allman Brothers guitarist Skynrd dedicated Free Bird .
Three other band members were previously killed in a plane crash in 1977 .
Luo Kun Kun expelled from his village in China when diagnosed with HIV .
Residents  including his grandfather  signed a petition to banish him .
He was refused admission to schools and said 'nobody plays with me'
Now a specialist school in Linfen Shanxi Province has stepped in to help .
The Red Ribbon School is equipped to look after HIVpositive children .
Dan Fredinburg was one of three Americans killed in the earthquake .
33yearold was head of privacy at Google X and once dated Sophie Bush .
Friend Max Stossel wrote a heartbreaking letter to him before he left .
He said: 'Your story has already impacted mine for the better'
Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when the earthquake hit Nepal .
Ashley Young's brother Lewis plays for Crawley Town as an attacker .
The Manchester United man went to watch him play against Oldham .
Crawley are battling to get out of the relegation zone in League One .
Kate Middleton is preparing to give birth to her second child this week .
The Duchess of Cambridge is already mother to Prince George one .
A parenting expert tells FEMAIL how to cope with two children under two .
The 23yearold has become an integral part of Arsenal's starting XI .
Francis Coquelin was on loan at Charlton earlier in the season .
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday in a crucial clash .
The plot focuses on a rogue mission to steal plans for Death Star .
Felicity Jones will star as a rebel soldier .
Kecil the oneyearold orangutan was taken to Chicago zoo after being rejected by his mother and surrogate mother .
He was eventually given to Maggie 53 who had already raised four children of her own and another surrogate .
Keepers were concerned pair might not bond but ten months later they have formed an inseparable connection .
Kecil will go on display for the first time this weekend alongside his mother but only for two hours at a time .
Paddy Power said on its Twitter page: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed AfricanAmerican male'
It has resulted in a furious backlash with people calling it 'deplorable'
Bookmakers have attracted criticism in the past for controversial adverts .
Brazilian online store claims to be selling next season's Chelsea kit .
It has published pictures of the new home shirt with 'Bale 9' on the back .
The images don't have the Adidas emblem on who make Chelsea's kit .
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond a transgender woman .
Diamond 36 identifies as a woman and has been taking hormones since age 17 .
Claims lack of medical attention has harmed her transition process .
Linda McLean was in her elementary school classroom in tiny Halfway Oregon in 2013 when she was surprised by a man in a mask with a gun .
Incident occurred Wednesday night near Hebrew University in Jerusalem police say .
One victim a 26yearold man has died a 20yearold woman is in serious condition .
The suspect is a 37yearold Arab from East Jerusalem Israeli police say .
Photos show models Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova posing with 650kg bear in forest outside Moscow in Russia .
They are pictured hugging and kissing Stephen the brown bear who has been specially trained to appear in films .
It was part of an antihunting campaign with organisers highlighting 'natural harmony' between bears and humans .
PFA have announced their sixman shortlist for Young Player of the Year .
Harry Kane and Eden Hazard will among the front runners for the award .
Kane has scored 19 Premier League goals for Tottenham this season .
Hazard has been instrumental for tabletoppers Chelsea this campaign .
Sergio Garcia is looking to win his first PGA Tour title since 2012 .
The Spaniard is competing at this week's Shell Houston Open .
It is the last PGA Tour event ahead of next week's Masters at Augusta .
Documents show that officers thought Robert Bates got special treatment .
The reserve deputy has pleaded not guilty to charge of seconddegree manslaughter .
Bates says meant to use his Taser but shot Eric Harris by mistake .
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is spearheading the Family Defender Toolkit .
The pamphlet includes a card that lists reasons  why a person should not be deported under expanded DACA and DAPA policies .
Those policies however are currently on hold by a court order .
Critics claim that the card encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants .
Woman believed to be 25 to 45 years old was found March 22 near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in Gravesend .
Had name 'Monique' tattooed on right leg within a heart and rose .
New survey found that Audrey Hepburn's Moon River was most popular .
Other chart songs used as lullabies include Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby .
Pitbull Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith also made the cut .
Chancellor paves the way for further cuts to payments with £1000ayear .
Challenged to ‘rule out depriving more people of child benefit' at briefing .
Refuses to rule out rolling Child Benefit into Universal Credit system .
Labour says Osborne has put middle income families 'in the firing line'
The Queen was spotted enjoying a ride in Windsor Great Park today .
Rode her favourite Fell pony a mare named Carltonlima Emma .
Left hard hats at home and opted for one of her favourite scarves instead .
A brace for Mauro Vilhete sealed a 20 win for Barnet over Gateshead and a return them to the Football League next season .
The Bees clinched the Conference title ahead of Bristol Rovers .
Manager Martin Allen has revealed the club will be celebrating with a holiday to Benidorm .
Indonesia executed eight drug smugglers Wednesday morning .
Mary Jane Veloso was meant to be the ninth but was given reprieve .
Supporters family "overjoyed"  Indonesia stresses it's just a delay .
Wallaby has been filmed 'punching' a wombat in a Victorian National Park .
The wombat approached the unsuspecting wallaby and was met with a fist .
Both animals went back to grazing in the area straight after the encounter .
No animals were harmed during the writing of this article .
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born .
The baby's bile ducts were blocked  a condition which can prove fatal .
Neither of her parents were suitable candidates for partial liver transplant .
Her maternal aunt Shanell was the best chance she had at survival .
Star underwent operation in Leeds in November and has since recovered .
Michelle Heale of Tom's River New Jersey is on trial for murder in the death of 14monthold Mason Hess .
Heale was babysitting Mason while her husband Michael and Mason's father Adam worked together as police detectives .
She claims she was burping Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped when she took him of her shoulder .
Heale broke down demonstrating the incident to the jury .
Medical examiners determined that Mason died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma .
Heale is out on bail during the trial and still has custody of her twins who were 3 years old when the incident occurred .
It is being developed by Pixium Vision with trials scheduled for 2016 .
A surgeon implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina .
An integrated camera on goggles sends images to a portable computer .
A 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image which the goggles then beam into the eye .
Brits arrested on TurkeySyria border and are now in custody .
Nine people tried to enter Syria illegally according to local media .
The arrested Brits are three men two women and four children .
Shiraz Nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .
The fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .
Incredibly noone was hurt in the incident after  Nawaz evacuated the area .
Jimi Manuwa plans to finish opponent Jan Blachowicz inside two rounds .
The Londoner says his 'aggression and killer instinct' will see him through .
Manuwa wants to get back to winning after losing to Alexander Gustafsson .
African students and car enthusiasts are creating ecofriendly cars .
Nigerian students will compete in an "EcoMarathon" in May .
Alassan Gobitaca known as Al the Jumper completed the stunt .
Gobitaca has previously jumped a Lamborghini and a motorbike .
The daredevil jumper is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder .
Gobitaca represented Sweden in TV show World’s Most Talented .
Family of Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh settled with Habersham County Georgia late last month for $964K for his pain and suffering .
In May 2014 SWAT police in search of a drug dealer they believed was living at the Phonesavanh home tossed a grenade in Bou Bou's crib .
While those officers were cleared of wrongdoing in October Bou Bou's medical care has surpassed $1million and he still needs more surgery .
Thousands made the most of the warm weekend weather today by heading to beaches and parks across the country .
Britain is basking in sunshine with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart Scotland and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands Wales .
Virtually cloudfree satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOpB satellite has been released .
This month is set to be one of the warmest on record after temperatures soared to above 25C on Wednesday .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Deputy Kerry Kempink was filmed on his own bodycam killing the dog .
He claimed he had shot Rottweiler in selfdefense while out on a call .
But owner Carla Gloger claimed pet was not vicious and plans to sue .
Filipe Luis signed for Chelsea from Atletico Madrid for £16million .
The defender insists he wants to stay despite interest from former club .
Brazilian has struggled to make the left back position his own this season .
Tory Dan Poulter Lib Dem Tom Brake and Labour's Gavin Shuker get fit .
Three agreed to put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer .
Strict diet and exercise regime saw them shed pounds and gain strength .
Full interview appears in the May 2015 issue of Men’s Health on sale Thursday 2 April. Also available as a digital edition.
Javier Hernandez has four goals in four in all competitions for Real Madrid .
The striker is on loan at the Spanish club from Manchester United .
Carlo Ancelotti will make a decision on his future during the summer .
READ: Hernandez 'has won' bid to make loan move permanent .
Rebecca Sedwick took her life in September 2013 and her family and authorities said she had been the victim of online bullying .
A month later the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she died after 'malicious harassment' from Katelyn Roman 12 and Guadalupe Shaw 13 .
But the charges were dropped as they found no evidence of messages .
Now the youngest girl's family has filed a lawsuit accusing the sheriff and a deputy of using Rebecca's death as an 'opportunity for media attention'
The sheriff's office said the claims have 'no merit'
Ancient fort was built on 20foot sea stack near Stonehaven Aberdeenshire .
Archaeologists needed to use ropes to reach the summit for the excavation .
They found remains of stone walls ramparts and a charcoal filled fireplace .
Experts believe it may have been one of a line of forts along Scottish coast .
Chelsea weren't awarded a penalty for David Ospina's clash with Oscar .
Arsenal goalkeeper clattered Oscar inside the box .
Brazilian was taken off at halftime with Didier Drogba replacing him .
Magazine ads from the Seventies haven't stood the test of time .
Alcohol commercials  almost always featured a moustachioed man .
Rod Stewart is seen wearing a garish outfit for footwear company Kickers .
Intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel Essex and flooded kitchen .
They dumped the TV in  bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs during the wanton wrecking spree  before stopping for bread and butter .
Took jewellery including a wedding ring and a computer laptop and tablet .
Andrew Mogni 20 from Glen Ellyn Illinois had only just arrived for a semester program when the incident happened in January .
He was flown back to Chicago via air on March 20 but he died on Sunday .
Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed .
His cousin claims he was attacked and thrown 40ft from a bridge .
Manuel Pellegrini won the Premier League and Capital One Cup last season .
City currently sit fourth in the league table  12 points behind Chelsea .
Pellegrini's contract expires at the end of the 201516 season .
City players have been impressed with Vieira's work with the youth team .
Pep Guardiola is City's firstchoice to succeed Pellegrini at the Etihad .
Queensland woman Roxy Walsh found an inscribed gold ring in Bali .
The sentimental jewellery piece was found in the ocean while snorkelling .
Ms Walsh has launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it hoped to be "Joe" or "Jenny" according to inscription .
Facebook post has already been shared by more than 23 thousand people .
Jordan SimMutch was member of armed gang that targeted businesses .
Criminals carried out 29 robberies and burglaries in Greater Manchester .
SimMutch posted pictures of stolen cash and drugs on Facebook profile .
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry caught on video berating a towing company employee .
CNN's Kelly Wallace used the story as a teachable moment for her daughters .
Wallace: McHenry could learn from other celebrities who responded gracefully in stressful situations .
Hannah Wilson 22 was last seen in Bloomington at about 1am on Friday .
A missing persons report regarding the Gamma Phi Beta sorority member was filed Friday afternoon .
Police found Wilson's body in Needmore more than 20 miles from campus .
She died after being struck in the back of the head multiple times by an unknown object .
Daniel Messel 49 of Bloomington was arrested and is facing a preliminary charge of murder .
The connection between Messel and Wilson has not been revealed by police .
Shocking photo of baby elephant tied to a pole spark online campaign .
More than 50000 have signed petition to have baby elephant Nadia freed .
Marina Phuket Resort reportedly keeps elephant in tiny enclosure .
'Nadia' is also forced to perform tricks and is ridden by resort guests .
'It is absolutely barbaric' says Jaime Singleton who started campaign .
Comes after Phuket resort posted pictures of baby elephant near pool .
Partygoers snapped dancing with elephant and one person seen riding it .
Dr. Kristen Lindsey has since removed the post of her holding the dead cat by an arrow .
Her employer fired her the sheriff's office is investigating .
Activist offers $7500 reward .
London 2012 gold medallist Nicola Adams will prolong her career .
Adams has said she 'will keep fighting as long as I have motivation'
The 32yearold underwent surgery on her shoulder earlier this year .
READ: Natasha Jonas retires from boxing despite recent injury recovery .
FEMAIL's inboxes flooded with hoax kitchen and beauty product news .
Included unlikely launches like Beafeater's new vegan eatery Leafeater .
We bring you the best of the April Fools' jokes doing the rounds today .
John Terry racially abused Anton Ferdinand at the ground in October 2011 .
Terry is always the subject of crowds anger when he returns to QPR .
However he performed well as Chelsea snatched late winner .
AP McCoy claimed his first win of this year's Grand National on Thursday .
His ride Jezki won after Ruby Walsh's Arctic Fire fell at final hurdle .
Both Walsh and Arctic Fire escaped without serious injury from the fall .
It is  second time in month that Walsh has fallen after Annie Power tumble .
Eden Hazard gave Chelsea the lead in the 38th minute when he latched onto a flick from Oscar .
Radamel Falcao complained of a foul by Blues skipper John Terry in the buildup to the opening goal .
Hazard almost made it 20 but his closerange effort hit the bar after a surging run from Didier Drogba .
United midfielder Ander Herrera was booked for simulation in the 95th minute after trying to win a penalty .
The result means Jose Mourinho's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the table .
CLICK HERE to read Oliver Todd's player ratings from Stamford Bridge .
Todd Kincannon 33 has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month .
Arrest warrant alleges that he told wife Ashely Griffith that would kill her himself and her family – threats he is accused of having made before .
Lawyer claims he 'accidentally overdosed' on Benzonatate – which he says he was taking for an upper respiratory infection .
Audio recordings of Kincannon verbally abusing his wife and threatening to make her 'very f*cking sorry' has since emerged .
Kincannon has a reputation on Twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have regularly left him open to accusations of racism and sexism .
Wakē rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time .
Alarm uses focused beams of light  to create a 'personal sunrise'
It also emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed .
Wallmounted device is available to order via Kickstarter for $250 (£167)
Fergus Simpson said aliens probably weigh more than 650 lbs (300kg)
Calculations based on idea that there’s a minimum size  for intelligent life .
Larger aliens are more likely to live long enough to make advanced tech .
Estimated size doesn't factor in evolution or an alien planet's gravity .
Pope calls mass murder of Armenians 'first genocide of the 20th century'
The 1915 killings saw 1.5m Armenians slaughtered by Ottoman Turks .
Turkey said Pope Francis'  comments had caused a 'problem of trust'
Turkey denies killings were genocide saying both sides suffered loss .
Violence broke out in Reynosa on Friday after arrest of 'El Gafe'
Cartel leader Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes was captured on Friday .
Three suspected assailants were killed and two state police injured .
Roads in the city were blocked with vehicles set on fire by gunmen .
Authorities said the situation was brought under control by the afternoon .
Threemonth old baby Alice died of unknown causes and was found with roach bites on her legs and head .
Brittany Bell 27 found the lifeless infant and was worried one of her twins might be responsible after she fell asleep while watching a movie with them .
As no cause of death was determined authorities could not pursue a homicide charge .
Bell has a history of leaving her young children unattended prompting neighbors to call the police on a previous occasion .
The twins have been taken into care and Bell faces a May 8 hearing .
Gareth Bale missed a oneonone chance after just three minutes .
Raphael Varane impressed with his pace and general reading of the game .
Mario Mandzukic left bloodied after clashing with Sergio Ramos .
Here's a roundup of the week's trending popculture stories .
They include a new "Star Wars" trailer and an illadvised oncamera rant .
Around 30 people live a floating life in Seattle's SoDo (South of Downtown) area in their RVs .
There is one parking lot in particular where the owner lets them act as watchmen in exchange for a spot to live .
Visual journalist Anna Erickson who photographed the community said they are just grateful to have a home .
Micah Richards' Manchester City contract ends this summer .
Currently on loan at Fiorentina Richards wants a return to England .
Was one of English football's golden boys as a youngster .
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood willing to snap him up on a free .
Nasa scientists in California have released an image of distant giant cluster of 3000 stars called Westerlund 2 .
Massive stars are seen feeding regions of dust and gas in the image sparking new star formation .
The image was released to mark the Hubble Space Telescope's 25th anniversary tomorrow .
It was launched on 24 April 1990  and after a shaky start has had a hugely successful career .
Pariah state may have 20 warheads not 10 as previous US forecasts held .
Stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or even 100 within next five years .
US military believes secretive country has ability to miniaturise warhead and mount it on ballistic missile though there have been no such tests yet .
Lucy Southern 23 worked behind the bar at the Britannia Hotel in Leeds .
Claimed she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by Alex Nkoroi .
Said she didn't complain as she worried her hours would be cut by him .
Has now been awarded a £20000 payout by an employment tribunal .
Buttery flavours of sausage roll are balanced by zesty apple of Riesling .
Pair margherita with Shiraz and pepperoni pizza with Cabernet Sauvignon .
Pair your Scotch egg with Fiano and chocolate with a glass of Merlot .
Prime Minister announced plan to amend Working Times regulations .
Mr Cameron wants workers to have three paid days off to do good deeds .
He described announcement as  demonstration of the Big Society in action .
Immediately afterwards Eric Pickles suggested it wouldn't be enforced .
John Prescott described Mr Pickles' interview as a 'carcrash'
Ozil will not be sanctioned for being spotted in Berlin nightclub .
It came hours after missing match at Newcastle through illness .
German star explained to Wenger that he was attending friend's birthday .
Arsenal play Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday lunchtime .
Danny Welbeck could return after knee injury suffered on England duty .
Gunners trail Premier League leaders Chelsea by seven points .
Was promoting Avengers: Age of Ultron in interview for Channel 4 in UK .
Hollywood star was furious when questioning suddenly became personal .
Stormed off when asked about drugs and his relationship with his father .
He spent time in California substance abuse facility and prison .
Actor was arrested numerous times between 1996 and 2001 .
Downey Jr's son Indio was arrested for drug possession last June .
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been photographing marine life for nearly a decade .
The selfie stick allows them to keep a comfortable distance so they do not disturb marine life .
The Californian pair coown a diving school and travelled to many exotic locations to see incredible sea animals .
Pilot begins in May for  Prime customers who drive Audis in Germany .
At the checkout a customer pinpoints the location of their car .
A DHL delivery driver will then receive a temporary digital access code .
This code gives the driver keyless access to the boot and as soon as it is closed the vehicle locks automatically and the code is revoked .
Jack Wilshere has been traipsing his local supermarket's shopping aisles .
Arsenal midfielder reveals his craving for cereal and his preferred choices .
Eggs and baked beans suggest Wilshere loves a full English breakfast too .
READ: What are Arsenal's transfer options this summer .
Arsene Wenger: Arsenal are close to bridging the gap on the top four .
Photographer James Oatway captured a violent attack that resulted in death of a Mozambican in South Africa .
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants many from South Africa's neighbors .
Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford continued good form with goal vs Wolves .
Young striker has hit 17 goals on loan at Middlesbrough this season .
Parent side Chelsea are keen to tie him to a new longterm deal .
His current deal at Stamford Bridge expires next summer .
READ: Will Chelsea EVER bring through English players?
Louise Nesbitt was employed as an office bookkeeper at a Perth company .
She mistakenly sent a text message to boss calling him 'a complete d***'
It was sent on January 12 last year and she was fired for gross misconduct .
The longtime employee claims it was meant to be a 'lighthearted insult'
But the Fair Work Commission ruled against her saying text was 'hurtful'
Australian media personality Deborah Hutton 53 releases new cookbook .
'My Love Affair with Food' is a compilation of her favourite recipes .
Hutton says it is not a health or diet cookbook just good food .
She shares three recipes from the book with Daily Mail Australia .
AP McCoy takes his final rides before retirement at Sandown racecourse .
Jockey is hoping to ride all the way to the end if he gains extra rides .
It had been thought McCoy would retire after the Bet365 Gold Cup feature .
But the 19time champion is hoping to secure himself further mounts .
Elijah Cook was found to be profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his shortly after his birth in January .
The mothers and fathers of both his parents Ahavah and Jason Cook of Andova Minnesota were all deaf so doctors decided to press ahead .
Last month they fitted Elijah with a set of hearing aids .
The moment he responded to his mom's voice for the first time was caught on video with Elijah clearly responding .
Joe Root threw bat down in his anger when he was denied double century .
England's Root was 182 not out when James Anderson was run out .
Jason Holder ran Anderson out after the bowler strolled back to wicket .
Pair kissed and made up as they made way in for lunch during the West Indies' second innings .
Matt Phillips gave QPR a seventhminute lead in the crunch clash at Villa Park .
But that lead only lasted three minutes with Christian Benteke equalising for the hosts .
Benteke then added a second after 33 minutes to nudge Villa ahead in the relegation scrap .
Clint Hill was the unlikely man to level the scores after the break for Chris Ramsey's side .
Charlie Austin looked to have scored a late winner in an entertaining game on Tuesday night .
But Benteke completed his hattrick to earn a share of the spoils on 83 minutes .
French international Vincent Duport is out for the rest of the season .
Winger Duport suffered ruptured tendon against Hull FC defeat in March .
The shoulder injury picked up in the 3322 defeat requires surgery .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on May 2 .
Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather's unbeaten record is a burden .
Despite that the Welshman thinks Mayweather will beat his opponent .
READ: Ricky Hatton gives his prediction to Jeff Powell ahead of the fight .
READ: Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale .
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble Tuesday in front Kanye West and Kim Kardashian .
The comedian pulled the prank at the TIME 100 gala in New York .
Schumer whose "Inside Amy Schumer" also premiered Tuesday is having a moment .
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for a cosmic anomaly .
The object is thought to be causing a 'lessdense' region of the universe .
At 1.8 billion lightyears across it would be the biggest object ever found .
But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening .
The two disturbing videos were uploaded to Facebook on Wednesday .
A woman unleashes a racist tirade on her neighbours from over the fence .
She swings a crowbar at the group of men and a tussle breaks out .
The woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding .
David Totton 36 in central Manchester when he saw friend in argument .
Went over to act as 'peacemaker' between the man and club bouncers .
Club Liv security told Totton his friend couldn't come in as it was too late .
Totton the got into car mounted pavement and rammed front doors .
He has now been banned from every pub and club in Manchester .
Muslim Engagement and Development (Mend) has made the claims .
Says it has been in talks with both the Tory and Labour leadership .
Mend is said to have links to a number of extremists .
Several top  sides are keen on signing German teenager Julian Weigl .
Tottenham have stepped up their interest in the 1860 Munich midfielder .
However Spurs face stiff competition from Juventus and Dortmund .
Superior Court Judge M. Marc Kelly handed Kevin Jonas RojanoNieto a 10year sentence .
The mandatory sentence RojanoNieto should have received was 25years to life .
The State of California has said that it will appeal Judge Kelly's decision .
Hattrick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented .
Judges said a rare feat was ‘fully deserved' and praised allround quality .
Front page which revealed truth about feminist Tshirts worn by Ed Miliband and Harriet Harman earned a nomination for Scoop of the Year .
Literary critic Craig Brown was nominated as Arts Reviewer of the Year .
Cameron Thomas Philp vandalised and spat on the vehicle in 2013 .
The forensic officer swabbed the spit and found Philp from his DNA .
He pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property and was fined $300 .
Mr Philp claimed it was out of character but he has similar convictions .
Jihadi tried to launch attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces near Kirkuk Iraq .
Tory leader sets out seven point plan for boost home ownership dream .
Plans to boost construction with thousands of new affordable homes .
Help with cutting the cost of saving for a deposit and paying off mortgage .
Tom George's dog Shelby got stuck by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty .
George had no cell phone reception and had to drive an hour to the nearest town for help .
But strangers who were planning to visit the famous earthwork sculpture instead spent over an hour to get the dog out .
Veterinarians removed 40lbs off Shelby who has since recovered .
Threeyearold accused of murder by the apartment block manager .
Xie Hong Feng had dropped her keys through the gap of the lift and floor .
Neighbour Yang claims toddler pushed her  but there's no other evidence .
Philippe Mexes own goal disallowed in controversial circumstances .
Milan keeper Diego Lopez makes several good saves to keep scores level .
Draw keeps both sides stuck in midtable after disappointing seasons .
Mauro Icardi misses late chance to win the game for Inter as game ends goalless .
Patties Food insists testing hasn't found link between their berries & Hep A .
There was a national Hepatitis A outbreak in January which resulted in 34 people in six states contracting the virus .
All 34 people who contacted Hep A had consumed the Chinagrown berries .
The 1kg product remains off supermarket shelves until further notice.
The company says there was no systemic error but confirm they are considering alternative supply sources .
Reserve deputy Robert Bates said he meant to use a Taser but accidentally shot and killed a man .
Lawyer for slain man's family says Bates wasn't qualified to be on the force and received preferential treatment .
"Robert Bates has met all the requisite training required by Oklahoma to be a reserve deputy" Bates' lawyer says .
An anonymous waitress revealed how John Key kept pulling her hair .
She wrote in a blog that she gained unwanted attention from him last year .
The woman had been working at a cafe frequented by Mr Key and his wife .
She said Mr Key kept touching her hair despite being told to stop .
The Prime Minister defended his actions saying he had already apologised .
He also said his pranks were 'all in the context of a bit of banter'
The waitress was reportedly working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell east of Auckland .
Kevin Perz 56 owns a construction equipment business in Kansas City .
He has spent time over the years tracking down high school teachers and sending them checks to thank them for making an impression on him .
Marilyn Mecham taught Perz home economics in 1977 at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield Missouri .
He sent her $10000 and told her to spent it all on herself .
'Gratitude is something in this society today that we just don't do enough of' Mecham said of the gesture .
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular game .
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and liveaction actors .
Firm will also launch Guitar Hero Live TV  an online music video network .
Game and guitar can be preordered in the US and Canada for $99 .
Knight appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday .
She received a standing ovation as the spoke to a crowd of 1200 .
'I want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that' she said of ordeal .
Afterwards she revealed she is in a relationship and writing a second book .
A student has revealed she turned to sex work to cover the cost of living and studying in London .
She tried regular work but still struggled to pay the bills .
She says that sex work is becoming common practice among students .
England close day one of first Test against West Indies on 341 for five .
Ian Bell Joe Root and Ben Stokes all played well to lead the recovery .
England's top three were all dismissed cheaply to leave England in a hole .
When England were 34 for three I received a lot of comments about my supposed motivational skills. I replied that I only spoke to the middle order .
PAUL NEWMAN'S day one report from Antigua .
Tiffany Sical 21 and Bryan RodriguezSolis 23 were driving on highway .
They were heading home after watching Fast & Furious 7 in Rhode Island .
But they died after 'drunk' Joel Norman 24 reportedly drove up exit ramp .
Norman 'drove wrong way up Providence highway for 1.2 miles at 1.35am'
He then smashed into couple's car leaving their daughter six an orphan .
Now suspect is facing charges of driving under influence causing death .
Grieving relatives said they did not know how to tell little girl about crash .
Comes nearly a year and a half after The Fast and The Furious star Paul Walker was killed when Porshe he was traveling in crashed in California .
Mackenzi Miller struck and killed Trinity Bachmann with her car on February 28 in Apopka Florida .
Trinity was sitting in the street while having an argument with her mother .
Trinity's mother Janice Pedroza 36 was also injured in the crash .
Police said Miller reeked of alcohol had glassy bloodshot eyes and had an open bottle of Mike's Hard Lemonade in the car .
Her blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110 police said .
Miller faces DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries charges .
Real Madrid earn 30 La Liga victory against Eibar .
Cristiano Ronaldo gives Madrid the lead with firsthalf free kick .
Javier Hernandez doubles home side's lead with 31st minute header .
Jese completes 30 victory with brilliant strike in the closing stages .
iRobot is creating wireless lawnmowers guided by radio waves .
Gadget and observatories will both use the 62406740 MHz band .
Astronomers say it could prevent them from detecting methanol .
iRobot says chances of interference occurring are 'infinitesimal'
Stoke manager Mark Hughes has a net spend of around £6million .
He is confident the club will back him in this summer's transfer window .
Hughes hopes to tie down No 1 goalkeeper Asmir Begovic .
The exPortsmouth stopper is out of contract at the end of next season .
The tiny nipper was caught during a 2010 government research trip .
Its body remained frozen while biologists tried to identify it .
The pocket shark measures 5.5 inches long and weighs a mere half ounce .
'It looks like a little whale' said Tulane University biologist Michael Doosey .
Delaware rare book dealer Ian Brabner bought the form at ephemera show .
It's dated August 21 1921 and lists 20 questions for potential KKK recruits .
Questions include 'are you a Jew?' and 'do you want white supremacy?'
The reporter announced early March he would take time off due to tumour .
He made a brief return last night with his voice still recovering its strength .
Mr Robinson's voice sounded weak and strained following his treatment .
The BBC political editor said he hoped to be back fulltime 'fairly soon'
Ben Hiscox 30 was playing  for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol on Saturday .
He slid on wet ground and ploughed into the building after going for a ball .
Striker was rushed to intensive care but died three days later from seizures .
Club spokesman said: 'No one is blaming anyone. It was a tragic accident'
Buckingham Palace guard slipped and fell in front of hundreds of tourists .
Thought to have stumbled on manhole cover during Changing of the Guard .
Embarrassed young soldier ended up on the floor still clutching his rifle .
Unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on tourist's camera .
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto star alongside Krew Boylan Shannon Murphy and Jessica Carrera on new filmmaker group .
The new collaboration will support Australian women in the film industry .
The Doll House Collective will work together to create and produce films .
Byrne believes it's time for women to be taken seriously in the industry .
Atletico Madrid and Real played out a 00 draw in the Champions League .
Mario Mandzukic was in wars following battles with Real Madrid defenders .
Raphael Varane Daniel Carvajal and Sergio Ramos tussled with striker .
Croatia international has denied claims Carvajal bit him during game .
Remains were discovered Saturday on Fourth Avenue in San Francisco .
Body is believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with daughter Carolyn .
Police said the case of hoarding is the 'worst they had ever seen'
Authorities struggled to open the door of the home because of the debris .
Tim Visser has agreed to join Harlequins next season .
Edinburgh one win away from European Challenge Cup final at the Stoop .
And Visser wants to crown his time with the club before he leaves .
The child who has not been named suffered fatal injuries after jumping from a secondstory window in Dumont New Jersey last month .
A report into the incident has revealed he became angry after a classmate failed to say 'checkmate' after beating him in a match at recess .
He then cried in a corner and wrote a note to his opponent but told him to wait to open it the contents of the note have not been shared .
An aide then saw the boy climbing on shelves and out a window .
The boy's classmate revealed that he had said on several occasions that he was going to jump from the window  but he thought he was joking .
Warner Bros slammed by novelist for dropping the deal in 2012 .
Sony has announced deal to release movies and TV series .
The Dark Tower is an 8part novel series written between 1970 and 2012 .
Javier Bardem and Russell Crowe rumored to be interested in the lead .
Julia Ware was driving before crash in Paupack Township Pennsylvania .
Chevy Suburban  rolled over several times during deadly August accident .
Three passengers Ryan Lesher Shamus Digney and Cullen Keffer were 15 .
Ware accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts .
Pleasantville New York girl also admitted to two misdemeanor charges .
Father faces charges for allegedly letting his daughter have keys to SUV .
The shooting happened immediately after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official .
An Afghan soldier identified as Abdul Azim opened fire on NATO troops and killed one American soldier and wounded at least two others .
U.S. troops returned fire to kill Azim the motive of the attack has not yet been revealed .
The U.S. soldier killed in the attack has not yet been identified .
The chef and healthy food campaigner's company said influential stars should be careful about adverts appearing next to their video posts .
Jamie Oliver's Food Tube channel has a 'firm agreement' with YouTube to stop ads for unhealthy foods running next to his own posts .
The Advertising Standards Authority currently doesn't safeguard against unhealthy ads appearing on online videos just television programmes .
Gerlayn Ganci 32 repeatedly asked for sex by boss Raymond Townsend .
Long Island's US Limousine and manager to pay $700000 after firing .
Townsend sent  text explaining reason was 'refused to have sex' with him .
Married manager told her to come over when his wife was away .
Ander Herrera nets either side of Wayne Rooney in Manchester United win .
Red Devils beat Aston Villa 31 in the Premier League on Saturday .
Midfielder Herrera full of praise for captain and striker Rooney .
Called the 'MediterraneanDASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay'
Diet even reduces Alzheimer's risk by 35% if not meticulously followed .
Includes 10 healthy food groups like fish poultry olive oil beans and nuts .
Involves avoiding unhealthy brain foods like cheese butter and sweets .
A heartbreaking photo of a sixyearold Pit mix appeared on an animal shelter's Facebook page .
The rescue center was inundated with calls about the dog .
After just a few hours the photo of Chester had been shared 6000 times .
A family was found to take care of him within days of the posting .
Supermodel gearing up for her fourth marathon in London this month .
Almost died having her daughter and now wants to help other mums .
Christy 46 set up Every Mother Counts to help women around the world .
The life of 16yearold Maren Sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on Saturday by hundreds of people .
'I don't think there's anything sad about this. It's such a celebration' said Darby Hudd a 17yearold friend of the slain teen .
A classmate Christopher Plaskon has been charged with Sanchez's murder .
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh 34 of Livonia Michigan died Sunday after being found unresponsive Friday .
The other SEAL 32yearold Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis of Queens New York died on Friday .
Started dating in July 2014 two months after her split from exhusband .
Second wedding for Nikki following previous marriage to Paul McDonald .
Tied the knot in romantic ceremony in Santa Monica mountains .
Guests included Lea Michele and her boyfriend Matthew Paetz .
Guitarist Sally Jones 45 ran away to Syria from Chatham Kent in 2013 .
Motheroftwo set up home in Raqqa with toyboy husband Junaid Hussain .
Footage shows her leading fighters in Arabic chants while waving AK47s .
Experts say video is first 'real evidence' she is involved with allwomen alKhanssaa Brigade at 'high level'
Former 2Day FM host Mel Greig penned an open note to the media .
Greig became infamous in 2012 when she was involved in a prank with her cohost which resulted in the suicide of a nurse in London two days later .
'Have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call?' Greig asks .
She asks the media to be sensible when covering the birth of baby #2 .
Greig speaks of being on the receiving end of aggressive journalists and says that there are certain lines that should never be crossed .
Major General James Post III was fired for saying that the retirement of the A10 Warthog amounted to 'treason'
The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the lowflying tankkiller plane highly regarded by ground troops .
Post said he told the group the Air Force didn't want to get rid of the plane but needed to because of budget constraints .
Silas and Eli Keslar both 18 months old drowned in an Arizona canal .
Their mother was trying to fend of a bee when the stroller rolled away police say .
Artist Betty Willis designed the famous neon sign in 1959 .
The sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip and is a popular tourist attraction .
In 2009 it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places .
No one owns the copyright to the sign so it is often imitated and appears on all kinds of souvenirs in Las Vegas and elsewhere .
Liverpool great Steve Heighway predicted great things for Steven Gerrard .
Gerrard was described as 'an outstanding talent' by Heighway .
The Liverpool captain has become of the clubs greatest ever players .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Queensland teen was born a girl but wears a boy's school uniform .
He has lived in misery for years and has even contemplated suicide .
A Brisbane court was told 'I have the mentality of a dude'
Teens must be 16 years old before they can  ask for hormone jabs .
The injections are the second stage of gender changing treatment .
A  child is  assessed by at least five doctors before treatment is given .
Robosub was exploring the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana .
At 598 meters the sperm whale appeared in the robosub's cameras .
Judy Murray has revealed to Closer that she can't wait to be a granny .
Son Andy married his long term girlfriend Kim Sears just a few days ago .
The tennis coach says she will be an active part of their life .
George Ford scythed through the Leinster defence for sublime try in the first half .
Five penalties from Ian Madigan gave Leinster a 155 halftime lead .
Stuart Hooper crashed over for Bath's second try following another dazzling Ford break .
Madigan's sixth penalty proved crucial as Leinster held on for a hardfought victory .
Stars such as Katie Couric and Christina Applegate praised the 58yearold actress for revealing her diagnosis in a statement on Tuesday .
She explained that doctors initially failed to find the cancer but that it was discovered after she sought out a second opinion .
She underwent surgery last week with Hanks by her side and she is expected to make a full recovery .
Wilson took medical from the Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month but is expected back on stage in May .
Polling shows Scottish National Party has extended its lead over Labour .
Constituency surveys suggest Labour party faces unprecedented wipeout .
Jim Murphy its Scottish leader among those on course to lose their seats .
John Terry was involved in race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011 .
Chelsea defender was banned for four matches and fined by FA .
Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing thenQPR defender .
Blues captain will face Rio Ferdinand's QPR side at Loftus Road on Sunday .
Teammate Gary Cahill says he will be able to deal with hostile atmosphere .
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California .
The wing can bend from 2 degrees up to 30 degrees .
Technology means that regular flaps aren't needed  and it is much lighter .
It could increase fuel efficiency 12% and reduce noise 40% .
Tyecka Evans 28 charged with manslaughter in death of 3monthold Taliya Richardson .
Evans initially lied that she fell asleep at home and woke up to discover her daughter with plastic bag over her face .
Florida mother of two later admitted she went to a club with her sister leaving three children home alone for nearly two hours .
Sergio Aguero went up against Marco Reus in an unusual headtohead .
The stars were helping promote Puma's newest football boot .
The Manchester City revealed that his side haven't given up on the league .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Staff at restaurant in Chengdu heard crying and found a newborn baby .
The tot still had the umbilical cord and placenta attached but was otherwise fine .
Woman who had been in toilet returned to her table 'like she was in trance'
She was arrested after CCTV showed her visiting the restroom .
Abby Bishop took in her twodayold niece Zala in August 2013 .
Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .
Bishop said it was a big decision but she wouldn't change anything .
Zala will go with her when she starts playing in the U.S. WNBA in May .
Brian O'Driscoll laments lack of money in the English game .
The French league has become a honeypot for billionaires .
Saracens are the only English team left in the Champions Cup .
Investigators found photos of a young girl being sexually abused .
FBI are trying to trace a man who is not accused of carrying out abuse .
He appears in image posing with the girl but not abusing her .
They want to find him to identify the girl and her abusers .
Skegness featured among picturesque places like Windermere and Cornwall .
Lincolnshire town famous for its Butlin's attracts over 400000 visitors a year .
Research revealed 165000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes .
Six protesters scale the Polar Pioneer hundreds of miles northwest of Hawaii .
Greenpeace opposes Shell's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic .
Renee Bergeron 38 captures children with disabilities at their most confident for her Superhero Project .
The Washingtonbased photographer's first subject was her son Apollo who has a feeding tube in his stomach .
She takes the photos free of charge to encourage families and to spread awareness .
Researchers  in Tokyo placed rats in a  cage with three compartments .
One room showed photos of rats in pain and another with neutral faces .
Rats spent more time in the 'neutral' room suggesting they recognise fear .
Experts believe facial expressions are used to communicate with others .
Three of the five teens released .
One 18yearold suspect has been charged report says .
Australian police said the suspects were allegedly planning an "ISISinspired" attack .
Richard Hammond has become the final presenter to leave Top Gear .
Former producer Andy Wilman also accused BBC of 'meddling' with show .
Attack in Top Gear Magazine came day after he sensationally quit BBC .
Jeremy Clarkson was seen plotting their next move in a pub last night .
The football star is said to be flying his closest friends to the fivestar luxury Amanjena resort outside Marrakech .
Tom Cruise Guy Ritchie Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the lavish event .
The opulent hotel is where David and Victoria renewed their vows in 2004 .
Patrick Miller and his friend thought they were staying at a nicer hotel .
They arrived to find stagnant green water in the swimming pool .
Hot tub is filled with dead insects and other floating debris .
Amenities were antiquated or broken and paint was peeling off the walls .
The grounds have uncut grass dead flowers and downed tree branches .
Lee Keeley flew into a rage after a civil case in Lincoln went against him .
38yearold chased girlfriend around court and even threw a chair at her .
After finally pinning her to the wall he hit her then stamped on her head .
Judge at crown court sentencing says his behaviour  was 'outrageous'
A Daily Mail investigation revealed NHS bosses raked in £35m last year .
Nearly 50 hospital separate bosses took home more than £400000 .
MPs and frontline staff are united in their outrage at the Mail's findings .
All three of the major political parties have called for an inquiry .
New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless body was discovered last year in an attempt to find the child's mother .
The body of the infant called 'Emma Grace' was found in a trash heap in November authorities located her head more than 50 miles away .
Police say the mother may have been trying to hide her pregnancy prior to giving birth .
Lib Dem leader embarks on bizarre photo opportunities to stay in the news .
Aides say it is part of strategy to meet voters where they work and play .
He has met a hedgehog and Joey Essex pulled a pint and visited a spa .
Rachel ColeFletcher is a teaching fellow at Durham University  and works with students looking at cognitive traits associated with anorexia risk .
Argues that rather than skinny models being to blame other factors are .
States that people with anorexia tend to have a certain personality type .
And that images of thin women are unlikely to have much of an effect .
Arjen Robben has missed his side's last three games through injury .
The Bayern Munich winger is expected to miss match against Porto .
Robben has said it 'is the worst situation for a footballer' to be in .
Actress 44 gave birth to son Jaxton in September and wants to shift 2st .
Has sought the help of Susan Hepburn who helped Lily Allen slim 3 sizes .
Claire says she wants to 'sort her binge mentality'
Says she 'went on a binge at a pal's birthday and made herself feel sick'
She has had one session so far and says she can already see results .
Jeanetta Riley 35 a motherofthree daughters was shot and killed by two police officers on July 8 2014 in Sandpoint Idaho .
She was addicted to meth and alcohol and was taken to Bronner General Hospital by her husband Shane after making threats to kill herself .
While outside of the hospital she pulled the knife from under her car seat with a threeandahalf inch blade .
In the video she is repeatedly told to put down the knife but responds 'f*** you no' and 'bring it on' before she walks towards officers and is shot .
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline 1 (800) 2738255 www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org .
The large prize is being offered by businessman Dmitry Kaminskiy .
He hopes money will help create a new group of 'supercenternarians'
Jeanne Calment holds the record of oldest person dying aged 122.5 .
He has made a $1m bet with Dr Alex Zhavoronkov on who will die first .
Ford announced at a press conference on Thursday that he will undergo a 810 hour surgery to remove a tumor on May 11 .
He was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma  a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue  last year .
He had refused to step down as mayor in light of his crack and alcohol binges but the diagnosis forced him to give up the role .
But he ran for his old seat in city council and won .
Abi GordonCody creates gruesome injuries using special effects makeup .
Her gory creations have earned her almost 3000 followers on Instagram .
26yearold from Droitwich watches horror films for inspiration .
Romanian company MB Telecom revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria .
It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside .
The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb .
But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet .
Victoria Beckham has updated her black wardrobe with a hint of navy .
The Duchess of Cambridge's favourite nude shoes make legs appear leaner .
Sticking to one neutral colour palette like Kim Kardashian is flattering .
PC Luke Stanwick 30 is fighting for his life in a medicallyinduced coma .
He has been left paralysed after breaking his neck on holiday in Portugal .
His father said he may be permanently disabled after 'horrendous' accident .
Colleagues at Sussex Police have rallied together to raise more than £8030 .
Louis van Gaal celebrated beating Manchester City at Wing's restaurant .
The Chinese restaurant regularly welcomes celebrities and star footballers .
Wing Shing Chu owns the restaurant based in Manchester's city centre .
United and England captain Wayne Rooney is a regular at Wing's .
Radamel Falcao Mario Balotelli and Joe Hart have been other visitors .
The  most expensive bottle of wine – a 1983 Chateau Margaux – costs £999 .
Davy Condon has been forced to retire due to a spinal injury .
The Irish jockey fell during this month's Grand National at Aintree .
Condon was advised to retire after seeing a specialist on Wednesday .
Deputies reassigned after threats sheriff says .
The two deputies pinned Eric Harris to the ground and one yelled "F*ck your breath" at him after he was shot .
Kate Winslet submitted application for a sea wall along West Sussex coast .
She wants to build a 550ftlong sea wall to protect her home from flooding .
But Natural England has raised concerns about environmental impact .
It recommended her local Council refuse the planning application because of concerns wall could destroy habitat for rare birds and wetlands .
Chief executive of Pret Clive Schlee allows employees to give out goodies .
An insider revealed that being extra happy or sad helps secure a freebie .
FEMAIL's Deni Kirkova wore two outfits: plain and more glamorous .
Got a free coffee for each outfit  but a free cookie as well in her red dress .
Tremors subside finally in Kathmandu but aftereffects of Saturday's staggering tragedy will be felt for years .
Arwa Damon and Gul Tuysuz take tour of devastated city as locals struggle to cope .
Workers dig painstakingly slowly removing piles of stone and debris .
Two jurors said a vehicle believed to be from WHDHTV trailed them .
Robert Cusanelli told the court he made a 'mistake' and acted on his own .
Allegedly watched as the group got into their cars in an offsite parking lot .
Insisted he did not take any pictures or speak to any of the jurors .
Jury finished their deliberations Thursday without reaching a verdict .
Will return on Friday as the exNew England Patriot player awaits his fate .
Aboriginal Model Management Australia has 40 female clients so far .
New national casting call is now looking for both sexes aged up to 60 .
Founder is expecting the numbers to take off as interest rapidly grows .
Target Bonds and Big W are very interested in hiring Aboriginal models .
KiraLea Dargin says demand for indigenous models is slowly changing in the high fashion market but should be moving faster .
Adam Johnson charged with three counts of sexual activity .
Johnson also formally accused of grooming a 15yearold girl .
He was previously arrested on suspicion of sex with underage girl .
27yearold has made three appearances for Sunderland since his arrest .
Johnson will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Sunderland news .
Erica Kinsman filed lawsuit seeking damages from the former quarterback .
She claims he assaulted and raped her at an offcampus apartment in 2012 .
Kinsman claims she met Winston while drinking in Tallahassee .
She says she took a shot offered by him at the bar in December 2012 .
Next thing she recalled he was having sex with her in spite of pleas not to .
Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 .
The lawsuit was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft where Winston is a top prospect .
Ander Herrera put Manchester United ahead just before halftime with a low leftfooted effort .
Wayne Rooney doubled United's lead with a beautiful halfvolley on 79 minutes at Old Trafford .
Christian Benteke pulled one back for the visitors a minute later after a rare David de Gea error .
Herrera added a third in the closing stages of the first half to complete the scoreline for the Red Devils .
PLAYER RATINGS  Herrera shines as Louis van Gaal's side triumph to move above Manchester City into third .
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100000aweek .
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says Sterling won't be sold this summer .
His achievements at 20 are not on the same level as some Anfield greats .
Steven Gerrard won three trophies in the first year out of his teens .
Michael Owen had scored more than 50 career goals for Liverpool .
Sterling has a long way to go if he is to fulfil his huge potential .
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene snap amazing photos of their glamorous travel around the world .
The sportsman and model enjoy a sunkissed life of beaches surfing and travel .
The pair share their snaps on tumblr and Instagram and have almost two million followers between them .
Rita 24 models in colourful new Rimmel beauty campaign .
Star has also designed her own makeup collection for brand .
Partied in Paris last night with boyfriend Ricky Hilfiger .
An Italian prosecutor announces suspected al Qaeda affiliates may have targeted the Vatican .
ISIS produced propaganda videos showing beheadings of Egyptian Ethiopian Christians .
AlShabaab has singled out nonMuslims to kill them as at a Garissa University College .
Greatgrandfather Robert Clark has lived in the house for 50 years .
He has spent £50000 life savings on a livein carer over last two years .
Brent Council says it cannot afford the care package the veteran wants .
The veteran said a care home would remind him of being a PoW .
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago .
Mounting public pressure and an online petition forced him to resign .
No gender was specified in the union's job description guidelines .
But the union has now introduced that the applicant must be a female .
Faysal Mohamed 17 pulled over along with two friends in Minneapolis .
The teens managed to film threatening language used by Officer Rod Webber .
Claim the officers trained their guns on the teenagers but let them go without charge .
Jurors in sentencing phase in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial hear of loss .
Victims testify about the impact of the bombing on their lives .
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute .
It was Wilson's 22nd goal of the season for the Cherries .
Bournemouth are ahead of Norwich at the top of the table by one point .
Police in Dallas shot and killed Jason Harrison last year .
A grand jury has decided not to indict the officers .
The officers are still facing a civil lawsuit filed by Harrison's family .
Florida couple Quincy Hazel and Sabrina GoldenHazel 'locked up the 12yearold girl and 17yearold boy in a closet for days on end'
They 'were eventually allowed to sleep on the floor of a bedroom but were fed from a bucket or found food to eat in the trash'
Their conditions emerged when the boy ran away from home last month and confided in a friend who spoke to authorities .
GoldenHazel claimed she home schooled the children but there were no books in the home .
Jon Huxley 46 hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect .
Plans for complete transformation of Westward Ho! in Folkestone Kent .
Describes the expected environment to be 'civilised and friendly'
Ivy nightclub has come under fire for playing music during Anzac Day service .
Irate crowds who attended the service said the loud dance music interrupted  the service at least five times .
The club has blamed a contractor who was preparing for an event at the club later today .
A spokesman for the club said the contractor was 'immediately terminated this morning'
Marine Le Pen accused  father JeanMarie of committing 'political suicide'
Comes after he called France's Prime Minister Manuel Valls 'the immigrant'
He also defended comment that Nazi gas chambers were 'detail of history'
Le Pen said she would oppose her father's bid to lead the National Front .
Aston Villa draw 33 with QPR  with Christian Benteke scoring a hattrick .
Tim Sherwood felt his side should have got more than a draw from clash .
Villa dominated for long periods but almost lost to fall into bottom three .
Benteke's late freekick rescued them from that fate at Villa Park .
Chris Ramsey praises the Belgian for being a 'formidable player'
Binge drinking when young can cause changes in DNA in brain cells .
The changes mean connections do not form as normal between the cells .
This alters the way genes are expressed and changes behaviour .
However experts discovered a cancer drug can reverse the changes .
Follows outbreak of H5N1 virus which can be deadly in humans .
Chickens culled and eggs buried in pits in bid to contain virus .
Virus has caused deaths of nearly 400 people worldwide since 2006 .
Winger Yannick Bolasie has excelled under new manager Alan Pardew .
Pardew is hoping winger will learn that the grass is not always greener .
Wilfried Zaha left when he was handed dream move to Manchester United .
But that move went sour and Pardew hopes Bolasie will learn from Zaha .
Axed Top Gear presenter was seen laughing with traffic warden in London .
The warden had tried to leave a parking ticket on his borrowed supercar .
After a friendly chat the warden walks away forgetting to leave the ticket .
Clarkson had parked his car to inspect a black Ferrari Pininfarina 275 .
Ross Barkley impressed during England's 11 draw against Italy .
Roberto Martinez hopes Barkley can kick on for Everton .
Everton face Premier League clash against Southampton on Saturday .
The proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland .
They say more must be done to tackle alcohol problem with young people .
The move would apply in pubs clubs supermarkets and offlicences .
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock .
As they beep their horns the animal named Big Boy continues to run along the sidewalk .
However at one point he veers in front of the police car and on to the other side of the road .
Despite the detour the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
Balls said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments'
Tories have promised to give the NHS an extra £8billion a year by 2020 .
NHS chief Simon Stevens said the extra cash is needed just to stand still .
Balls insisted Labour can be trusted to give the NHS what it needs .
Row erupted after mysterious geometric designs discovered under carpet .
Some hope they may lead to chamber where Ark of the Covenant is hidden .
But new flooring laid before Israeli scholars were able to document pattern .
But Waqf the authority in charge of Dome of the Rock reject accusations .
Emma Hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty BRCA1 gene in 2005 .
A year later she had her breasts and ovaries removed to prevent cancer .
But in 2007 despite the surgery she was diagnosed with breast cancer .
Since then she has battled the disease nine times  four times in one year .
Sir Terry's final novel The Shepherd's Crown to be released in September .
Book finished in 2014 shortly before Sir Terry's death last month aged 66 .
Will star character Tiffany Aching who first appeared in The Wee Free Men .
Celtic travelled to the United States Austria and Germany last preseason .
The Scottish club were then beaten in the Champions League by Legia .
The 34yearold also revealed that she spends five to ten percent of her day away from her daughter so she can workout and be alone with her husband .
Kim gave birth to North on June 15 2013 .
Jessica Silva stabbed James Polkinghorne outside her home in 2012 .
Ms Silva was physically and mentally abused by Polkinghorne .
She claims that if she had not acted first she would have been killed .
Silva has sought forgiveness from his father and has reunited with him .
While he can't understand why she killed his son he said he has 'no anger'
Jessica was found guilty of manslaughter but had her sentence suspended .
Susan Farmer from Eddy Texas weighs 43st (605lbs)
The 37 year old is told to lose half her body weight or face an early grave .
She achieves it over 12 months after her mother stops buying her junk food .
SNP leader said the UK could not pull out of EU without Scotland's say so .
Ms Sturgeon said an 'out' vote would justify a new independence poll .
David Cameron has pledged to hold an inout EU referendum by 2017 .
Laughed off her title as "The Most Dangerous Woman in Britain" in a recent Daily Mail front page asking: 'Do I look dangerous?'
Said many Labour voters in England and Wales  and significant numbers of its MPs  preferred her vision to that of Ed Miliband .
Claimed David Cameron refused to sit next to her on Andrew Marr's sofa when they both appeared on his BBC TV show at the weekend .
Said new rules on fixed term parliaments meant the SNP MPs could seek to block key pieces of legislation including Budgets without bringing down a minority government .
Insisted governments dependent on smaller parties for support would increase trust in politics because leaders would have to 'win the argument' not rely on MPs as lobby fodder .
Barbara Beam died in the home she shared with her sister and nephew in Greenville South Carolina in January .
A coroner ruled that she died from homicide by neglect and prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge her family members .
Her sister told officers that she had not been moved from her bedroom chair for six months and Beam had sores over her legs .
When paramedics removed her from the chair and put her body on the ground her legs stayed bent in a sitting position police said .
Chris Smalling scored as Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City .
Win sends Louis van Gaal's side four points clear of the Citizens in third .
Manchester United now sit just one point of Arsenal who occupy second .
Smalling is confident of chasing down both them and leaders Chelsea .
READ: Five things Van Gaal has done to transform United's results .
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for Sunday's race .
Hamilton the world champion is bidding to win his fourth race in China .
He leads title race from Sebastian Vettel who won last time out in Malaysia .
Kimi Raikkonen was second fastest in the second session in Shanghai .
Jenson Button was 10th in his McLaren with  Fernando Alonso 12th .
A victim of Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryan read her impact statement .
She told Sydney District Court on Monday she felt scared and ashamed .
'I didn't know it was against the law' the victim said .
Five people were hospitalised following a crash on the Central Coast NSW .
The 17yearold driver was travelling with four other people on Thursday .
Emergency services were called after a car collided headon into a wall .
The driver had apparently received her P's on the same day of the accident .
It is understood five people were in the Mitsubishi Lancer sedan .
The driver and a female were taken to hospital in a serious condition .
While three other passengers were taken to hospital in a stable condition .
Las Vegas' nickname of Sin City relates to a building prostitutes used .
London known as The Old Smoke owing to the 1952 Great Smog .
Singapore literally translates as Lion City after founder said he saw a 'merlion'  a cross between a mermaid and lion .
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday .
He will see a neurosurgeon following a third serious head injury in two months .
The 22yearold was recently knocked unconscious when struck by the knee of Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes .
Jim Malinder Nothampton's director of rugby wants the club to act in the best interests of North's longterm health .
Justin Rose finished runnerup in The Masters earlier this month .
Rose was jointsecond with Phil Mickelson behind Jordan Spieth .
Brit will play at TPC Louisiana in the Zurich Classic this week .
Scientists hope immunisation against virus is possible with one injection .
Vaccine based on animal virus and the protein covering of Ebola virus .
Ebola antigen in vaccine acts as 'Trojan horse' to create immune response .
Ebola has killed more than 10000 people in a year across six countries .
UK spent £11.7billion on overseas aid last year but that is set to increase .
New accounting rules could see budget increase by £1bn over two years .
Changes will bring Britain in line with other EU nations who donate less .
Ukip leader Nigel Farage last night called for a £10billion cut in foreign aid .
Bishop Robert Finn failed to notify police about a suspected child abuser .
He waited months before telling authorities about Reverend Shawn Ratigan .
In 2012 Finn plead guilty to a misdemeanor charge and was given probation .
He is now the highestranking church official  convicted of sex abuserelated charges .
Children's rights advocates have called on Pope Francis to do even more .
Some apparently healthy meals worse for you than demonised junk foods .
Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains a surprising 46.5g of fat .
This exceeds the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper .
Caffè Nero has more fat than McDonald’s Quarter Pounder with Cheese .
Warrington slipped to their third straight defeat in the Super League .
Game was delayed for eight minutes after a flare thrown by visiting fans .
Widnes captain captain Kevin Brown returned to inspire them to victory .
Dave Heeley 57 completed the 156mile Marathon des Sables on Friday .
The fatherofthree known as 'Blind Dave' is the first blind man to do so .
He previously finished the Seven Magnificent Marathons challenge in 2008 .
Apple has approached over a dozen names like Florence and the Machine in an effort to get top talent on Beats exclusively .
Beats Music will be relaunched in coming months with a $9.99amonth subscription for individuals and a family plan for $14.99 .
Jay Z's Tidal is doing the same thing as he tries to convince artists to sign exclusive deals and beat out the competition .
Amy 24 has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels .
Amy says her garments are  'definitely' for real women .
Has faced the wrath of Twitter trolls .
Frances Cappuccini died after giving birth to  son Giacomo in October 2012 .
Two doctors and Kent hospital accused of gross negligence manslaughter .
International arrest warrant issued for Dr Nadeem Azeez 52 from Pakistan .
Teacher and husband wanted caesarian but allegedly persuaded not to .
Mrs Cappuccini required emergency csection and died hours later .
The 44yearold came under fire last month after she tweeted 'ten rape prevention tips' aimed at male attackers .
In the Levo League's Ask4More campaign video Sarah recalls a time she was discriminated against because of her gender .
Models Abbey and Lily are joined by Alice Dellal and singer Foxes .
The women are pictured 'wearing' their support .
Abbey 29 says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work .
Campaign has raised £13.5m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer's research .
Clarke Carlisle reveals he has 'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire .
Fatherofthree says both hand his wife have to focus on their 'wellbeing'
The former Premier League defender 35 tried to kill himself in December .
Publicity surrounding case has prompted 30 people to contact police .
Revealed dossier on Lord Janner was among files lost by Home Office .
DPP Alison Saunders has told critics to challenge her ruling in court .
Also said that her decision is 'the right one' and will not change .
Tola Ore attached a hightech gadget to her workstation in July 2013 .
Fraudsters attempted to transfer the cash before the branch opened .
Ore removed the device and handed it to someone in a supermarket toilet .
She pleaded guilty to one count of fraud at the Old Bailey on Friday .
Two baggage handlers were caught on camera at the airport in Riyadh .
Video shows them hurling luggage without regard for the contents .
Clip begins with a suitcase being thrown and landing with a heavy thud .
Some bags appeared to be heavy or wrapped as though they were fragile .
Authorities said two supervisors and three workers have been sacked .
Jenson Button penalised for his role in the crash with Pastor Maldonado .
The pair collided  as they diced for 13th in final stages of Chinese GP .
Button slapped with fivesecond penalty and given two penalty points .
Incident capped another disappointing weekend for hapless McLaren .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on May 2 in Las Vegas .
Mayweather was softspoken during a halfhour conference call .
He made no apologies for claiming to be greater than Muhammad Ali .
Two days earlier Pacquiao had time for just two words at his conference call before his promoter Bob Arum hung up the phone in frustration .
READ: Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Mayweather vs Pacquiao news .
Premier League clubs are overwhelmingly in Labour constituencies .
Labour hold seats in the majority of Football League clubs' constituencies .
The traditional view is that football is the working man's game while Labour is the party that was established to fight for the working man .
Just one Football League club Bradford is in an independent constituency .
Football clubs are found in only seven Liberal Democrat constituencies .
Etiquette expert and author William Hanson on what makes a home posh .
Cafetiere in the kitchen and classical books (not DVDs) in the sitting room .
William reveals the items you should not own... such as napkin rings .
Fun quiz revealed below... how many points do YOU score?
Scientists at Vanderbilt University explored how to reduce infection risk .
Found all stuffed toys they swabbed showed signs of bacteria growth .
Urged parents to wash and sterilise any cuddly toys before surgery .
Linda Thompson now 64 was married to Bruce Jenner from 1981 to '86 .
She has published blog detailing how he told her of his gender struggles .
Explains how revelations led to their divorce following births of two sons .
Also speaks of Bruce's painful electrolysis and surgeries to feminize face .
Young sons noticed father's breasts once she lied to cover the changes .
The pair Brandon and Brody now adults supported Bruce in  ABC tellall .
This is despite Bruce having 'cut his sons out of his life for years' after he stopped taking female hormones and married his third wife Kris Jenner .
Alastair Cook feels Jonathan Trott is ready to return to the England squad .
Trott left the international stage last year with 'situational anxiety'
The batsman has been impressive for his side Warwickshire .
Official unemployment rate – which doesn't count people who have dropped out of the labor force – stands at 5.5 per cent .
Manufacturing construction and government sectors all cut jobs in March .
Other sectors including health care lawyers engineers accountants and retailers grew their workforces .
Could be a temporary blip as the US recovers from an unseasonably cold March that may have tamped down hiring .
Raul Reyes: In seeking Latino vote Marco Rubio his own worst enemy on two key issues: immigration reform Cuba relations .
He says on health care climate change and other issues he breaks from Latinos' positions. Polls show they don't favor him .
Heartbroken Tony Tancock 56 has won prizes for speciallybred guinea pigs .
A thief stole a dozen of his best from his home in Devon and left eight behind .
Says only an expert could have targetted them and left ordinary ones behind .
'They knew exactly what they were looking for' a devastated Tancock claimed .
The motherdaughter duo dined at Lupa in the Greenwich Village Saturday .
The enjoyed a fivecourse Italian lunch of pasta salad meat and cheese by the restaurant's owner Mario Batali .
Michelle was in New York this week launching an interactive online map to encourage people to join their local 'Let's Move' program .
Mother's Day is May 10 .
Chelsea have revived their interest in West Ham forward Enner Valencia .
Patrick Bamford is to be offered a new longterm deal at Stamford Bridge .
Despite having an interest in Raheem Sterling the move looks unlikely .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Colin Cromie hired his stepson's girlfriend Xara Grogan as a dental nurse .
He flirted with the 29yearold shared sexist jokes and tried to  kiss her .
When she turned him down he became 'hostile' and forced her out of job .
Miss Grogan  won claim for constructive dismissal and sexual harassment .
Trip will come before Pope Francis arrives in United States .
Francis played key role in reestablishing diplomatic ties between Cuba and U.S.
Christy Mack 23 claims exboyfriend Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver 33 beat and raped her until she almost died at her home on August 8 2014 .
She had been asleep next to a male friend when he 'burst in with a knife'
Koppenhaver who goes by the name War Machine claims to be innocent .
Mack has opened up about her recovery now needs glasses and a wig .
The case against Koppenhaver who faces 26 charges resumes this fall .
14 soldiers have been accused of abusing children as young as nine .
Investigation was started last year but was only made public yesterday .
French defence ministry has denied covering up the scandal .
James Houlder and girlfriend Vicki Hood stayed at Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh .
But within hours both fell ill with sickness and diarrhoea at fivestar venue .
Nine months on James diagnosed with IBS that has blighted his life .
After raising issue with First Choice he was offered '£50 goodwill voucher'
Jordon Ibe will sign a new fiveyear contract which will run until 2020 .
Ibe has impressed at Liverpool since returning on loan from Derby County .
Liverpool also close to signing new deal with Jordan Henderson .
READ: Martin Skrtel rejects talk linking him with a move away from Anfield .
Reds agree to new threeyear sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered .
Iraqi officials say Izzat Ibrahim alDouri 72 has died in fighting in Tikrit .
He was one of Saddam Hussein's most trusted henchmen in Ba'ath Party .
Had a $10m bounty on his head and was one of the US's most wanted men .
Body returned to Baghdad today and delivered to the Ministry of Health .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
It is not unusual to see Arsenal finish the season with good results .
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .
An Arsenal win will not stop Chelsea from becoming champions .
Chelsea will not have it all their own way in the Premier League next year .
No team is better placed than Arsenal to dislodge Jose Mourinho's side .
Arsenal must go for it this summer and make the big additions .
Fabian Delph has been Aston Villa's best player for the last 18 months .
Other Premier League clubs missed their chance to sign Delph for free .
Advert sees party leaders form an unlikely boyband named Coalition .
Greens claim main parties are all 'singing from the same hymn sheet'
Mocks Tories Lib Dems Labour and Ukip for agreeing on austerity .
The film will first be broadcast at 5.55pm on Thursday night on BBC2 .
The iPad was engraved with "His Holiness Francisco" and "Vatican Internet Service March 2013"
A HarleyDavidson the Pope donated to charity sold for $284000 last year .
Submarine is in Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia .
No "dangerous" substances on the submarine shipyard spokesman told ITARTass .
The gruesome vision was captured in Australia and uploaded last week .
The lizard swings its neck back and forth in a bid to swallow the rabbit .
Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws allowing them to swallow large prey .
Liverpool face a summer overhaul with up to 10 players possibly leaving .
Raheem Sterling is wanted by Premier League champions Man City .
Wolfsburg have shown an interest in longserving defender Martin Skrtel .
The Anfield club will listen to offers for Italian frontman Mario Balotelli .
READ: Liverpool launch bid to rival Man Utd for PSV's Memphis Depay .
Facebook page 'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' was created in January .
The page claims returned Australian servicemen are rapists and terrorists .
One post says ''You have freedom of speech thanks to us. Stop talking sh*t or we'll f***ing rape you c**t'
Social media users have criticised the page as shameful and insulting .
A protest page demanding the removal of the page has been set up .
Inverness' Gary Warren will miss the club's firstever Scottish Cup final .
Warren picked up his second yellow card of the Cup in the semifinal against Celtic and is therefore suspended for the showdown on May 30 .
He was also suspended for the Scottish League Cup final last season .
The defender believes the threshold for yellow card suspensions should be raised and is disappointed to be missing out on making history .
Since Tony Pulis took charge at West Brom Pocognoli has found game time hard to come by and midfielder Chris Brunt ahead of him .
The left back can't understand why he doesn't get picked to play .
Pocognoli was a regular under Alan Irvine before he was sacked .
CLICK HERE for all the latest West Brom news .
Cardiff City have joined their fans in protest against Leeds United tickets .
The two sides face each other in the Championship on Saturday at 3pm .
Cardiff have returned the entirety of their 500 allocation for Yorkshire trip .
There is a history of trouble between the supporters of both clubs .
Leeds refuse to give Cardiff rights to show the game live at their ground .
Andrew Silicani 23 of Cheyenne Wyoming pleaded guilty on Monday to trying to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather .
The prison inmate had wanted to collect their life insurance money and inherit their house .
Silicani who was serving a five to sevenyear sentence at the state prison in Rawlins now faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer .
Silicani told the judge he regarded his actions as 'a big error in judgment — I'd take it back if I could'
Man got into a dispute with bartenders at a bar in Port St Lucie in Miami .
He was kicked out then returned with cup of gasoline poured on bouncer .
Bouncer chased the man who then set him on fire .
Hundreds of survivalists and 'Preppers' gathered in Utah suburb Friday .
Learned new ways to deal with zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster .
Shown underground bunkers tactical weapons and an armed $2500 Motoped Survival Bike .
Taught how to store food and dressed as zombies for special contest .
Also met actors from AMC hit show The Walking Dead like Addy Miller .
Scott Stallings one of PrepperCon's founders said Utah made sense for the first expo because of the Mormon culture's emphasis on selfreliance .
Youngsters were at the Arcadia Palms apartment complex in Las Vegas .
Residents then heard an explosion and saw a huge plume of smoke .
Police say it was accidental and they are not expecting to file any charges .
Authorities said the pair who died were related .
Roberto Carlos says the pressures faced as a player makes coaching easy .
He won the World Cup with Brazil and  Champions League with Real Madrid .
The former defender said he learnt from all the managers he played under .
Stefan Stoykov couldn't speak English when he moved from Bulgaria to US .
Indianapolis teen has been accepted into a total of 18 prestigious schools .
Stefan 18 says his mother's hard work inspired him to achieve his goals .
Southampton went down 21 to Stoke at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday .
Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring in the 22nd minute .
The Saints are now five points adrift of fourth place .
Japaneseled experiment will see how plants grow on the ISS .
Researchers will monitor how they grow without influence of gravity .
Results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield .
And it may also help future astronauts grow plants on Mars .
Greek government has unveiled its final calculation for the war reparations .
Radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros .
The German government claims the issue was resolved legally years ago .
It comes days before Greece is obliged to pay off 450million euros of debt .
President Barack Obama is attending the Summit of the Americas .
Frida Ghitis says he must work to improve ties with region .
The whale Varvara swam a round trip from Russia to Mexico nearly 14000 miles .
The previous record was set by a humpback whale that migrated more than 10000 miles .
Fullips device was created by Linda Gomez and her daughter Krystle .
Works by creating a minivacuum while you suck on the apparatus .
Charlotte Griffiths puts the suctionthimble that is sold for £30 to the test .
Facebook group wants Lucille Ball statue replaced with a new one .
Mayor says he does not want to spend taxpayer money on fixing statue .
USA face Italy in a Fed Cup World play off in Brindisi .
World No 1 Serena Williams defeated Camila Giorgi 75 62 .
Lauren Davies will play Sara Errani in the  second singles match .
Clinton N'Jie gave Lyon the lead but  Max Gradel equalised from the spot .
Lindsay Rose was sent off for the home side inside the opening halfhour .
Romain Hamouma put StEtienne ahead but Christophe Jallet hit back .
Lyon are level on points with champions PSG who have a game in hand .
Both William and Kate appear to be relaxed about baby's imminent arrival .
The two were spotted shopping in Kensington and Chelsea this week .
The Duchess bought a basket of goods for Prince George from Zara Home .
And Prince William bought £800 of jumpers and jeans from Peter Jones .
Barry Lyttle pleads guilty to causing grievous bodily harm .
He allegedly struck his brother Patrick during a night out on January 3 .
Barry is negotiating with prosecutors for a lesser charge .
Irish brothers Barry and Patrick Lyttle hoping to return home soon .
The Walter Scott shooting inspired a local artist to create artwork .
Phillip Hyman crafted the angelwinged artwork in the middle of the night .
Protesters from the Black Lives Matter movement have started using it as his symbol .
Israeli Prime Minister said agreement puts country in 'mortal danger'
He said during a statement the deal 'paves' the way to the bomb for Iran .
Urged Western powers to carry on putting pressure on Tehran .
The White House reiterated they remain committed to Israel's security .
Victoria Wasteney argues tribunal decision was against her human rights .
Disciplined after Muslim colleague claimed she was trying to convert her .
Appeal backed by Christian Legal Centre and human rights barrister .
Researchers subjected two Lithiumion batteries to external heat .
They used thermal imaging to see what happened inside each cell .
Copper inside one cell reached temperatures of at least 1085°C (1985°F)
The heat also caused molten material to stream from the battery's vent .
A French rescue team finds Rishi Khanal more than three days after the quake .
A 4monthold baby is reported to have been rescued after 22 hours in rubble .
Carol Costello: Talk to any millennial and you can envision an America virtually marriagefree .
In countries like Sweden or Denmark people don't feel pressured to marry even if they have kids together .
Australian couple who abandoned baby knew they were breaking the law .
Documents reveal the Australian government had knowledge of the ordeal .
Couple told staff they only wanted a baby girl to 'complete their family'
It was feared the abandoned boy may have been sold .
Tony Pulis' side beat Crystal Palace 20 on Saturday at Crystal Palace .
James Morrison and Craig Gardner fired in the goals at Selhurst Park .
Victory moved West Brom up to 13th in the Premier League .
On 36 points the Baggies are currently eight clear of the relegation zone .
David Haye stopped on arrival at Dubai International Airport for a holiday .
He was taken to a police station and handed over his passport .
Cheque had been the final payment on a new property in the UAE .
He says the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error .
The 34yearold hasn't fought since beating Dereck Chisora in July 2012 .
Tory Chancellor mocks Labour's deputy leader as they share TV sofa .
Harman refused to row back from 'posh' attacks on the Conservatives .
Insisted Tories are 'standing up for people at the top' while others suffer .
Osborne says that as expupils of St Paul's the 'attack sounds a bit thin'
DJ Pete Tong will present a late night Prom at Albert Hall this summer .
Bizarre choice may prove controversial with more traditional listeners .
Former Radio 1 presenter's evening will celebrate club music in Ibiza .
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway Monday .
She was even more shocked however when it was located and returned to her with new red rims and detailing .
She took to Facebook after getting the car back writing'I want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me.... This b***h is pimpin now!!!'
Exsoldier Riki Hughes 31 was the club secretary at Tidworth Town FC .
He set up fake bank account in the name of the team's landlord and siphoned off at least £17000 .
Jailed for 16 months after spending the cash on camping gear and holiday .
Former secretary of state is expected to announce candidacy Sunday afternoon and then hit the campaign trail .
Iowa sources say Democrats are preparing for Hillary to barnstorm the state Sunday and Monday .
Social media posts will be followed by video and email announcements .
New polls suggests the former first lady is slipping behind leading 2016 Republican candidates in vital swing states .
New epilogue of her book 'Hard Choices' reveals how becoming a grandmother inspired her to run for president .
Republicans launch 'Stop Hillary' ad campaign .
Audio has surfaced of Michael Slager 33 laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting .
Walter Scott 50 was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop on April 5 .
Slager has been charged with murder after cell phone footage of the incident emerged which contadicted the initial police report .
The audio of Slager talking with a senior officer at the scene was picked up the damcam in his vehicle which had been recording the initial incident .
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in Wembley on Wednesday morning .
The 48yearold imam had been replaced at the AnNoor Mosque in Acton .
His replacement was 53yearold Hassan Anyabwile from the Caribbean .
Anyabwile  involved in attempted coup in 1990 Parliamentary report found .
Belonged to a local radical Islamic group called Jamaat al Muslimeen .
He moved to the UK after being given amnesty in exchange for surrender .
He denied any dispute between the west London mosque and Mr Arwani .
The mosque has refused to answer questions over Mr Arwani's time there .
Counter terrorism police are now leading the investigation into his death .
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday .
Quarterfinal second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu is tightlypoised at 00 .
Real forward Gareth Bale will miss the clash due to calf injury .
READ: Ancelotti has a poor record against  Simeone... but he must advance .
Visited Spartia in the south of Kefalonia and then Fiscardo in the north .
First from Villa Hephaestus could see Lourdas Bay and  Zakynthos island .
Charming local familyrun eateries were found throughout the island .
Nightlife is virtually nonexistent so spent energy exploring during the day .
Fiscardo once a remote fishing port is now a worldclass yachting centre .
Mark Dawe head of the OCR exam board said it is like using a calculator .
Believes students should be tested on answers not where they find them .
Campaign for Real Education said 'nonsense' idea is 'dumbing down'
Chair Chris McGovern said: 'We have to test what is in a child's head'
Unnamed teacher at Foster High School in Richmond Texas allegedly gave his students antiMuslim propaganda during class .
The eightpage handout entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know) included references to terrorism and beheadings .
The Lamar Consolidated Independent School District has admitted that it wasn't approved by administrators .
A Muslim student showed the document to her parents who contacted the Council of American Islamic Relations and they complained to the school .
Research conducted by Planet Cruise surveyed people aged 55 and over .
Women were more likely to regret their career choices than men .
Men were more likely to suffer from mental illness as a result of regrets .
Jimmy Anderson's recent performance in the second Test was one of the greatest I've ever seen from an England cricketer .
However Alastair Cook's played an even bigger role in England's success .
Cook's battling and captaincy qualities were clear to see throughout .
Elsewhere England will have a very good player back on their hands if Jonathan Trott can regain his old calmness going into the third test .
Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" follows a Somali refugee living in Germany .
The underlying themes include isolation and "otherness" and the search for human dignity .
Britain's Got Talent presenter Amanda Holden is a mother of two daughters .
The 44yearold has revealed heartache of giving birth to stillborn in 2011 .
Opens up on in the June 2015 issue of Good Housekeeping .
Hearts have already secured promotion to the Scottish top flight .
Robbie Neilson believes it is inevitable clubs will come in for his players .
He insists he will only sell them if it is the right move for the club .
Hearts play Rangers on Sunday and could help their rivals Hibernian .
Manchester United signed a £750million 10year kit deal with adidas .
But the Old Trafford club will have to wear old Nike kit on US tour .
United are expected to stage a 12day tour of the US west coast .
There is no buyout agreement in Nike's current deal which ends in July .
Bombardier beetle mimics machine gun using chemicals in its stomach .
As chemicals pass into the abdomen they mix with enzymes and explode .
Each explosion causes the foulsmelling liquid to be forced from its rear .
It 'pulses' repeatedly from the beetle's rear  and the bug can even aim .
The armed robbery took place at a service station in Watervale on Monday .
A man dressed in female clothing strolled into the store at 7.30pm .
He walked to the counter and produced a fake machine gun from a bag .
Staff member handed over the cash which the robber placed in the bag .
Other customers were in the store however no one was injured .
India Mayhew was on second day of a holiday when the tragedy happened .
Sevenyearold's horse bolted at a riding facility in Matheran near Mumbai .
Suffered serious head injuries and was declared dead on arrival at hospital .
The youngster had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin 43 .
Bill passes 92 to 8 passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place .
GOP presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio vote against the bill candidate Rand Paul votes for it .
Asabi Barner 37 of South Carolina got a tattoo at Black Ink tattoo parlor while visiting New York City .
The parlor in Harlem specializes in tattooing dark skin and the shop's owner and artist have their own reality show called Black Ink Crew on VH1 .
Barner went to the shop last year to get a new chest piece to cover up an older chest tattoo .
After the first day Barner says the new tattoo started to puss and continues to be painful to this day .
She is currently in the process for suing the tattoo parlor .
Court imposed social media blocks after images of siege were shared .
Militants stormed an Istanbul courthouse last week taking him hostage .
Both he and his captors were killed during the subsequent rescue effort .
Blocks were lifted today after Twitter Facebook and YouTube agreed to remove images of the deadly siege from their sites .
St Mary's Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the birth .
But Royal Berkshire in Reading and Queen Elizabeth in Norfolk on standby .
Plans in case Kate goes into labour while visiting parents or country estate .
Bill Spedding the person of interest in the William Tyrrell case has been charged with five counts of child sex abuse .
He was living with three boys at the time William vanished  despite authorities being aware of the claims against him .
The NSW Ombudsman confirmed they are 'making inquiries' into how the boys came to be living with Spedding .
'Someone needs to be held accountable' the boys' mother said .
Victoria Police are investigating his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring and expect to lay more charges .
Spedding has denied any involvement in William's disappearance .
He was refused bail on Thursday after a brief court appearance .
It has been revealed the government began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the Drug Enforcement Agency in 1992 .
The program forced phone companies to hand over all communication on a daily basis between any Americans calling any 116 watch list countries .
The data collected included phone numbers and time calls were made though actual content was not included .
The program was approved by every administration beginning with President George H.W.Bush .
It was only shut down in September 2013 this after Attorney General Eric Holder became nervous in the wake of the Edward Snowden leaks .
The program also served as a blueprint for the National Security Agency .
Biologists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel used high speed videos of octopuses crawling over objects to study how the animals move .
Rather than pulling themselves along they use their legs to push instead .
They can move in one direction while their bodies face a different direction .
The findings could help scientists develop new types of rescue robots .
Gov. Mike Pence is making the right call to fix Indiana's religious freedom law which can be used for discrimination .
Mark Goldfeder:  Indiana should aim to be a shining beacon of cooperation: the real "crossroads of America"
Skin cancer is not the only health danger lurking for sunbed users .
Dermatologist warns the herpes virus can thrive in the warm enviroment .
Ultraviolent light can kill bacteria but level in tanning booths is not enough .
Herpes is highly contagious and incurable and spreads via skin contact .
Barnet will return to League Two next season following emphatic victory .
Two goals from Mauro Vilhete secured 20 win over Gateshead at The Hive .
The Bees clinched the Conference title ahead of Bristol Rovers .
Barnet players and fans celebrated  on the pitch following final whistle .
Gavin Tobeck of Washington was attacked by oneandahalfyearold Smash while in his backyard on April 1 he was released late on Tuesday .
During the attack his mother's friend dumped a cup of hot coffee on the dog to get him to release his grip on Gavin .
The boy suffered from a broken cheekbone jaw and nose bridge and lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds .
Smash is scheduled to be euthanized on Saturday by Thurston County Animal Service .
Actors Kristin Chenoweth and Alan Cumming are set to host the 2015 Tony Awards ceremony .
Best play nominees: 'The Curious Incident of the Dog in the NightTime" "Disgraced" "Hand to God" and "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two"
The awards will be presented on June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS .
Shadow chancellor refuses to rule out using threshold to raise money .
Vows not to hike income tax rate but not trapping more people in 40p rate .
Chancellor George Osborne says Balls has 'let the cat out of the bag .
Tories promise to raise threshold from £41865 to £50000 by 2020 .
Labour says the plan amounts to a £7billion unfunded commitment .
Irwin Horwitz threatens to fail his entire class .
His fiery email goes viral he now wonders if the unwanted attention will affect his career .
Presenter will be a guest host satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You .
Is believed to have been booked before he was dropped from Top Gear .
BBC decided that despite his sacking he isn't banned from corporation .
Simon Myers had asked Mark Lawson if he could have some of his chips .
Lawson agreed but reacted angrily when Mr Myers took onion ring instead .
Incident that started as a joke took place at the work Christmas party .
Lawson was given a sixmonth prison sentence suspended for a year .
Florida mailman Doug Hughes landed gyrocopter on Wednesday .
Flew 80miles from Gettysburg to Washington D.C. and was not detected .
NORAD failed to identify the singleseat craft as it flew under the radar .
Homeland Security chief called for calm and no overreaction to security breach .
Gabriel Ng filmed the scenes during a threemonth solo trip to visit family .
His video includes shots of picturesque beaches and religious sites .
Most of the scenes were shot on  Ko Samui island in the Gulf of Thailand .
Natal's Dunas Arena which held four World Cup matches is up for sale .
Its owners are suffering from cash flow problems after a corruption scandal .
The company is also selling a 50 percent share of Salvador's Fonte Nova arena which held six matches last summer .
Dougie Fife Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford return for Edinburgh .
Trio were rested following Scotland Six Nations campaign .
Edinburgh face London Irish in European Challenge Cup quarterfinal .
Loeb says he filed the lawsuit and doesn't want want money from his "ex"
Nick Loeb reportedly wants to prevent Vergara from destroying the embryos .
Vergara spoke of freezing embryos with Loeb in a 2013 interview .
This page includes the show Transcript .
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .
At the bottom of the page comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
Rep Steve Knight representing 25th Congressional District in California was confronted by activists from rightwing group Friday .
Protesters accused Knight of voting for immigrant 'amnesty' during congressional battle over Homeland Security funding bill .
Knight was one of 75 House Republicans who eventually voted on 'clean' funding bill devoid of provisions blocking Obama's immigration reform .
Save Our State group that accosted Knight has been linked to white supremacists .
Shocking footage has emerged of three young thugs threatening a driver .
The red ute appeared frustrated as they attempted to overtake a slow car .
When the ute pulled up in front of another car three people got out .
An armed woman was seen stabbing the car's bonnet on a Melbourne road .
The ute driver has been suspended for 12 months and hit with a $2000 fine .
Police are investigating the woman who was armed with a weapon .
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck .
Social media has helped people overseas tracked down their loved ones in Nepal .
Technology has helped those stranded after the quake reach out for help .
The 79th Masters kicks off in Augusta on Thursday .
Rory McIlroy is bidding to land a third straight major title .
Tiger Woods arrives to the competition ranked 111th in the world .
Six Leeds players withdrew from squad for Saturday's match with Charlton .
Manager Neil Redfearn described the events as 'freakish' ahead of defeat .
Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry says it is 'disgraceful' behaviour .
Club president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events .
Redfearn's side suffered a 21 Championship defeat to Charlton .
The South African comedian whose announcement as Jon Stewart's replacement surprized many was spotted at Citi Field on Monday .
He was spotted enjoying the Mets taking on the Philadelphia Phillies in the company of Jerry Seinfeld Larry David and Matthew Broadrick .
Noah's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of antiSemitism .
He and Seinfeld were also photographed filming a segment for Seinfeld's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series .
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith were evacuated from Randolph Hotel .
Came as huge fire broke out at the 119bedroom establishment in Oxford .
Couple feared they'd have to get married in jeans but ceremony went ahead .
Gupta is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of deadly earthquake .
The hospitals are so overstretched that he was asked to perform brain surgery on a teenager who had been crushed by a wall in the quake .
He said the girl is now doing well  but she is just one of many victims .
4352 people are believed to have died including at least four Americans and more than 6000 suffered injuries .
Clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday April 5 in all states except Queensland the Northern Territory and Western Australia .
Daylight savings will begin again on October 4 this year .
Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries Australian fire services say .
New York teen Daria Rose lost everything in Hurricane Sandy and was recently accepted to seven Ivy League schools .
Rose and her family lived in multiple hotels and at her grandmother's house for a year and a half after the 2012 superstorm .
In a college application essay Rose spoke of her Hurricane Sandy experience .
Middleton wrote about eating whale for a national newspaper travel story .
She described eating it at the £123anight Juvet Landscape Hotel .
Whale And Dolphin Conservation group said the news was 'disappointing'
The WDC said Ms Middleton should have gone whale watching  instead .
Tour guide gets down in the dirt to attract a mob of emus in the outback .
The flightless birds are able to reach running speeds of 70 kms/hr .
The manoeuvre is thought to be an old Aboriginal technique to catch emus .
Leah Williamson reveals she couldn't sleep ahead of crucial penalty retake as England earn 22 against Norway .
Mo Marley's side qualify for European Championships in Israel .
UEFA ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed after a refereeing mistake .
Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect freekick to Norway for encroachment after disallowing England's penalty on Saturday .
England were 21 down to Norway at the time in the 96th minute .
German Kurtes 28 has been sent home following her error .
It is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by UEFA .
Watch VIDEO below of the controversial penalty incident .
READ: Graham Poll's expert verdict on UEFA's bizarre decision .
PM said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election .
But Mr Cameron said the country would back the Conservatives in May .
The Conservatives need another 23 MPs to form an overall majority .
He said: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded'
Centre Matt Scott will miss the rest of the season because of injury .
Scotland international needs more surgery on problematic shoulder .
Scott went under the knife last week but has been told he needs more .
The 24yearold has played just 14 games for club and country in past year .
Bournemouth are now one point clear of Norwich at the top of the table .
Birmingham took the lead through Clayton Donaldson and David Cotterill .
Steve Cook and Callum Wilson drew Bournemouth level before Yann Kermorgant and Charlie Daniels sealed the three points .
Just a third of consumers have heard of campylobacter germs on chicken .
Millions are still ignorant of dangers of eating chicken despite campaigns .
Most Britons rightly identify chicken as the main source of food poisoning .
Maps were created by the Eco Experts based on data from the World Bank .
Indonesia topped the list with a total of 184 endangered mammals .
Second was Madagascar with 114 and third was Mexico with 101 .
Species include lemurs Sumatra tigers blue whale and the red wolf .
Study found many children don't know the difference between 999 and 911 .
Nearly half of parents thought children weren't mature enough to know .
Mumsnet survey raises fear children aren't learning vital emergency steps .
Joe Root hit 118 not out to help England into a 74run lead on day three .
It was the Yorkshireman's sixth Test century .
Captain Alastair Cook scored 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59)
Inca kingdom in the Andes was connected via handwoven rope bridges .
Today only one bridge remains  the Keshwa Chaca near Huinchiri Peru .
The 90ftlong bridge is rebuilt by villagers over three days every June before gradually disintegrating each time .
Locals use the same techniques to make the rope as their Inca ancestors .
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue .
Family had to deliver the baby at home  and Ruben assisted in the birth .
Fetched towels and even told his mother Michelle to breathe .
Father Ben helped deliver baby Theo who Ruben is besotted with .
Khim Hang is the youngest designer to show an Australian fashion week .
The 22yearold's collection HAN is a nod to his Cambodian heritage .
Khim said his parent's escape from the Khmer Rouge influenced him .
Is paying workers in his Cambodian factory double the minimum wage .
Cape Verde defeated Portugal 20 in an international friendly match .
Nani and Henrik Larsson could have played for Cape Verde .
The island's population currently stands at just 500000 people .
Retail experts say sales of royal memorabilia are unlikely to top £70m .
By comparison Prince George's birth resulted in a £247m splurge .
Between July and August 2013 £70m was lavished on souvenirs alone .
The newest royal is expected to have a big long term impact however .
Sales boost will be particularly noticeable if the new baby is a girl .
UFC woman's bantamweight champion visited Manny Pacquiao's camp .
Rousey is backing Pacquiao in his megafight against Floyd Mayweather .
Pacman thanked Rousey for her support in a Twitter picture together .
READ: Mayweather vs  Pacquiao referee to earn $10000 (£6800) on May 2 .
WATCH: Pacquiao releases music video ahead of Mayweather bout .
The hot air balloon crashed into the tower during a training session .
Video footage shows balloon breaking apart as basket plummets .
People on board received cuts and bruises but all survived .
The terrifying incident took place in Russia's Dmitrov district .
Amina Ali Qassim's family sought shelter in a mosque before fleeing Yemen .
Thousands like them are boarding boats to sail to Djibouti .
Saudi Arabia has been pounding Yemen in a bid to defeat Houthi rebels .
Silvia from New York developed a nonfood craving while pregnant .
The eating disorder called Pica makes people crave inedible items .
Both she and partner Estevan are worried about what it will do to the baby .
Chelsea players train at their Cobham headquarters on Friday .
Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday .
Chelsea looking to extend their 10point lead over secondplaced Arsenal .
Mourinho has never lost to Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger .
Cesc Fabregas chose Chelsea over Arsenal for trophies says Mourinho .
Janet Muller was found dead in a burning car in Ifield Crawley last month .
University of Brighton student 21 died as a result of smoke inhalation .
Murder squad detectives release CCTV footage of her last known movements .
Sir David Nicholson warned Labour about failing to match Tory NHS pledge .
Former head of NHS said it would leave Health Service in a 'financial hole'
Branded 'Man with No Shame' on refusing to resign over Mid Staffs scandal .
Ed Miliband will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system .
The move is a desperate attempt to reverse the exodus of voters to SNP .
He will unveil the proposals in his manifesto due to be published tomorrow .
Alison Saunders director of Public Prosecutions facing furious backlash .
Criticism over her decision to spare former MP Lord Janner from the dock .
Janner not charged despite 22 allegations of offences against nine victims .
Campaigners police and MPs have accused her of ignoring victims' rights .
C.J Miles and George Hill were in impressive form during win over Wizards .
Pacers have chance of making fifth straight playoff appearance .
LA Lakers won final game in regular season against Phoenix Suns .
Flying is a thrilling experience but is full of mystery for most passengers .
MailOnline Travel spoke to experts to answer common questions .
To reduce the risk of food poisoning pilots do not eat the same meals .
Larger planes have private sleeping quarters for flight attendants .
'The world's strongest man' wouldn't be able to open a door midflight .
Burnell Mitchell held over conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences .
The 61yearold Muslim convert is brother of Boney M singer Liz Mitchell .
He was arrested by police investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani .
Leslie Cooper 36 has been charged with the Syriannational's murder .
A 53yearold woman was also arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
Aston Villa face Liverpool in their FA Cup at Wembley on Sunday .
The winners will either face Reading or Arsenal from the other semifinal .
FA Cup final will take place at Wembley on May 30 .
England in Group D with Holland Italy and Republic of Ireland .
Tournament takes place in Bulgaria between May 6 and 22 .
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending champions .
They beat Holland on penalties to win the competition last year .
Scotland drawn with Greece Russia and France in Group C .
Kevin Pimentel 12 shot his brother Brady Pimentel 6 dead on Wednesday March 25 at their mobile home in Hudson Florida .
He also wounded 16yearold brother Trevor Pimentel in the leg before killing himself .
Trevor attended the boys' funeral in a wheelchair on Wednesday .
Kevin and Trevor had been cooking about 6pm but officials said they had not been arguing before the shootings .
Their mother Helen Campochiaro 38 was working one of her two jobs .
Relatives say she was a single mom who kept a gun for protection and that the boys had been brought up with gun safety .
On a gofundme page set up one day before the shooting Campochiaro asked for help in raising a deposit for a new home .
Decorated former Argentina international Esteban Cambiasso says that keeping Leicester up this season would be like 'another cup'
The former Inter Milan and Real Madrid midfielder joined Leicester last summer on a free transfer signing a oneyear deal .
Leicester are currently bottom of the Premier League table with 19 points from 29 games and take on West Ham in their next fixture .
A balanced diet can get harder to achieve around the holiday times .
To keep healthy it's important to maintain regular exercise .
To burn off four mini Easter eggs you'll need to exercise for 40 minutes .
A large Easter bunny would have you on the squash court for 3 hours .
Those who eat hot cross buns would spend an hour hitting the pavement .
Jose Mourinho says he he is getting better at every aspect of his job .
The Chelsea boss has won titles in all four leagues he has managed .
But Mourinho says he has one problem that he cannot change .
That is that he is never a hypocrite when he faces the media .
Mourinho was fined   for claiming there was a campaign against Chelsea .
He was fined a similar amount last season for three separate incidents .
Singer reveals she was bedridden for five months .
Couldn't shower for a full week as she was unable to stand .
Has 'no idea' where she got the tick bite which must have been attached for 36 hours in order to transfer the disease .
Same condition that has left Real Housewives star Yolanda Foster unable to read write or watch TV .
John McCallum has apologized for the death of Francesca Weatherhead .
He was fleeing police when he ran a red light and crashed into her vehicle .
Mrs Weatherhead a newlywed 25yearold was killed in the collision .
It was later revealed McCallum was a recent parolee with a long rap sheet .
He apologized in court after he was sentenced to at least 20 years' jail .
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears was disciplined last week .
The trooper posed with Snoop Dogg after rapper's SXSW keynote speech .
Snoop  posted picture to Instagram with the caption: 'Me n my deputy dogg'
Rapper's past legal problems were cause for concern for Spears' superiors .
He was cited for 'deficiencies indicating need for counseling' for photo with figure who has 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
65 British climbers feared missing as death toll in Nepal reaches 2500 .
Survivors on Everest recall 'tsunami' of snow and ice triggered by quake .
Climbers left stranded by the tonnes of debris and ice blocking their routes .
In Kathmandu and Pokhara buildings were reduced to matchsticks .
Gitte Denteneer was stunned after getting the bill from Rubens in Leuven .
The Belgian cafe had charged her 50 cents for use of their electricity .
Ms Denteneer later took to Twitter to express her outrage at the charge .
Others on Twitter shared her anger and called the Rubens boss 'mean'
Dele Alli signed for Tottenham in the January transfer window for £5million .
Midfielder was loaned straight back to MK Dons for the rest of the season .
The 19yearold was crowned Football League Young Player of the Year .
Alli wants to help get MK Dons promoted to the Championship .
England Under 19 international says Spurs are the perfect club for him .
Alli is excited by the prospect of working under Mauricio Pochettino .
Bodies of suspected gunmen paraded in front of crowd in Garissa .
Kenya's President slams those who finance and support groups like AlShabaab .
AlShabaab threatens "another bloodbath" in Kenya .
School friends and Prince William's family  will play crucial supporting role .
Emilia JardinePaterson and Alicia FoxPitt have known her for years .
Carole will be a handson grandmother and Pippa will be by her side .
Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club attracted celebrities including Jodie Kidd Princess Tamara CzartoryskiBorbon and Rolling Stones' Bill Wyman .
European Court of Justice ruled it can't launch fashion label with its own logo because it's too similar to existing Beverly Hill Polo Club's .
Rival brand admits it's not even a polo club but exploits elite sport for fashion to make customers feel they have 'membership to a club'
Denver Bronco Aqib Talib and brother are being investigated for assault .
Talibs were reportedly involved in physical fight at Club Luxx in Dallas .
The vehicles they left in a Range Rover and a Jaguar were impounded .
Man who called police said someone aimed at him before firing gun in air .
Dallas club manager refuted assault claim and said there was no gun shot .
Talib and mother were charged with assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 .
They reportedly both fired multiple shots at the boyfriend of Talib's sister .
The 29yearold had charges dropped after that incident involving two guns .
Ilkay Gundogan is seen as a successor to Michael Carrick in midfield .
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has been impressed by Carrick .
Van Gaal feels Gundogan can replicate 33yearold Carrick's displays .
Romelu Lukaku has opened up about receiving racist abuse when just 15 .
Lukaku spoke on Thursday at a Kick It Out session in a Liverpool school .
Former Chelsea front man admits racism still exists in modern football .
Lukaku reveals 'heavenly' feeling of playing alongside Arouna Kone .
Three men were trapped inside container at Wetherill Park in Sydney .
Authorities worked to free the men shortly after 11am on Thursday .
They had been unloading timber from container when it fell on them .
Two men died at the scene and the other was seriously injured .
QPR manager Chris Ramsey is the Premier League's only black manager .
He supports John Barnes' claim that black bosses can't find second clubs .
Ramsey says he believes covert racism continues in football boardrooms .
Rangers boss endorses Rooney Rule introduction to raise awareness .
The Rudd family put their family home on the market in November and it sold for $1.14 million .
Kevin Rudd and Therese Rein were originally hoping for $1.25 million but lowered the asking price to $1.19 million .
The property sold to applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck and his wife Monica who already live in the area .
They bought the Norman Park property in Brisbane's east in 1994 for just $384000 .
It's a fivebedroom colonial classic  a hidden sanctuary surrounded by greenery with a resortstyle pool .
The Rudds will use their luxurious modern Noosa home as their permanent base after the sale .
Serena Williams struggled to beat Sara Errani during  Fed Cup clash .
World No 1 Williams eventually defeated Errani 46 76(3) 63 .
Williams lost doubles match alongside Alison Riske 60 63 .
UKwide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to customers .
Neil Gilbert headed one group which made up to £60000 a week in sales .
Family and friends were recruited to help with massive criminal enterprise .
Eightyear conspiracy continued even after gang was arrested in 2011 .
Ryanair has informed passengers they cannot bring alcohol into the cabin .
Decision follows a handful of incidents involving unruly behaviour .
Passengers risk being kicked off the flight if they don't comply .
Travellers' hand luggage will be searched before they board the plane .
Fourteen men were kicked off a flight that diverted to an airport near Paris .
Stephanie from Houston Texas has a father who works as an astronaut .
She wrote a message on land that could be seen from the space station .
11 cars created the 59 million sq ft message in Nevada’s Delamar Dry Lake .
Cheyenne Mountain Complex being refurbished by Pengaton .
High tech communications being installed that are impervious to electromagnetic pulses .
The bunker is build under 2000 feet of the Rocky Mountains and is able to withstand a hit by a 30 megaton nuclear blast .
Decommissioned 10years ago because 'the Russians were no longer a threat'
University of Illinois researchers gave 150 children a pattern game .
It was designed to test cognitive flexibility which is our ability to shift attention and select information to fit the changing demands of a task .
They compared the results with the children's food diaries .
Found those who ate fatty food had slower reaction times and worse working memories than children who ate healthier diets .
Queensland woman Roxy Walsh found an inscribed gold ring in Bali .
The sentimental jewellery piece was found at a Bali resort on Tuesday .
She launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it .
The campaign made it's way to Brazil Chile Europe Russia and Malta .
Ms Walsh found the owners and they are amazingly also from Queensland .
She met with Joe and Jenny Langley in Noosa on Sunday to return the ring .
Sunderland are interested in signing former Chelsea and Wigan forward Franco Di Santo who has recently hit form for Werder Bremen .
Di Santo is currently rated at £8million by the Bundesliga side .
Black Cats sporting director Lee Congerton knows Di Santo from their time together at Chelsea .
Colin Pitchfork raped and murdered two 15yearold girls in the 1980s .
He was jailed for life two years after second murder thanks to DNA testing .
Pitchfork was the first man to be convicted based on DNA evidence .
The Parole Board are reviewing his case and he could be freed in months .
Dog Molly had been on a walk with her owner Jane Tipper in Eype Dorset .
The dog suddenly disappeared from view after chasing a lamb over cliff .
Owner's daughter saw Molly survived fall but had no way of reaching her .
Coastguards couldn't find her after extensive search but Molly was found days later by a dog walker a mile away .
Josh Meekings was given a retrospective onematch ban for a handball .
The incident wasn't punished in Inverness's Scottish Cup win over Celtic .
The ban which is being appealed would rule Meekings out of the Cup final .
Rochelle Holmes 26 ballooned to 20st on a diet of pizzas and kebabs .
She smoked 20 cigarettes a day and got out of breath walking up stairs .
Doctors warned her blood pressure was so high she was at risk of a stroke .
She managed to lose 8st and drop 6 dress sizes by changing her lifestyle .
The Shibu Inu puppy has the impromptu chat with a husky .
Begins vocalising with a yappy bark while the husky whines .
American Kennel Club staff try to pacify the excited Shibu Inu .
Shibu Inu runs in the air in an attempt to get closer to Husky .
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods spoke with Augusta club member Jeff Knox .
McIlroy believes Knox reads Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone .
Knox played as a noncompeting marker with McIlroy last year .
On Friday Knox answered call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round .
The Greek island was the 'sex tourism capital of the ancient Aegean'
Former Apprentice TV star Margaret Mountford will describe life on the island in a new television programme .
Show also examines life and legacy of the female poet Sappho who lived on the island around 600BC .
NATO is holding huge war games exercises off the coast of Scotland .
Alliance says planning started long before Russia renewed its status as the alliance's chief adversary .
But commanding officer says Russia's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises .
'I have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions you are not HANDICAPPED!' reads a note to Natasha HopeSimpson .
HopeSimpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hitandrun accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee .
Instead of being upset by the note HopeSimpson says she is flattered because someone couldn't tell she was handicapped .
Eden Hazard scored in Chelsea's 21 home win against Stoke City .
The Belgium playmaker also claimed an assist by setting up Loic Remy .
Hazard wants to bring the Premier League trophy to Stamford Bridge .
The Blues are currently seven points ahead of secondplaced Arsenal .
Queens Park Rangers twice threw away a lead in clash with Aston Villa .
Tony Fernandes experienced a range of emotions during 33 draw .
Rangers chairman watched the game from afar on his iPhone .
Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer could return for Sunday's visit of Chelsea .
CLICK HERE for all the latest QPR news .
Kenya's security has been bogged down by concerns over civil rights .
Kenyan Muslims have been targeted in raids and robbed says Human Rights Watch .
Designs made from real gold were shown on the catwalk in Xi'an China .
Models strutted their stuff in underwear and a shirt made from gold .
The items cost around £40000 each but are not intended for sale .
Ford unveiled its GT earlier this year to the surprise of industry experts .
The supercar has 600 horsepower upswinging doors and a rear engine .
Its design was showcased in a light installation at Milan's Piazza de Fidele .
It comes as bosses say  autonomous car is '10 per cent' from complete .
Officers were seen running around as they attempted to catch the foal .
The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W .
Traffic was backed up as a result .
Sheriffs eventually caught the pony and returned him to his owner .
Residents in two exclusive Chelsea streets complained of a rancid smell .
Thames Water investigated and discovered a 10 tonne fatberg in the sewer .
The sewer which is 40 metres long was made up of fat and used wet wipes .
A £400000 repair is being carried out to rectify the damage underground .
American transgender woman Hayley Carney has never met British fiancee .
She will marry in hope of fulfilling 'lifelong dream' of becoming UK citizen .
Said she believes Britons are more 'openly accepting of people like her'
Police made the discovery as they searched the home of Bruno Fernández .
The 32yearold has been arrested over disappearance of his former lodger .
Neighbours say he used to sacrifice live animals in apparent satanic rituals .
Landlord seen being led away from home in Madrid suburb of Majadahonda .
Willa Junior took a nap in the cargo hold of a plane at SeattleTacoma Airport on April 13 and woke up after the flight to Los Angeles took off .
The baggage handler who appears to be in his 20s according to Facebook tried calling his company and 911 but his phone eventually failed .
He says he was afraid he might die so he texted his mother a message telling her 'I love you'
In a last ditch effort Junior started banging on the ceiling of the cargo hold and his yells were so loud that passengers and crew heard .
The flight was turned around after just 14 minutes in the air and returned to Seattle where Junior was rescued .
Junior is still employed at his company but is no longer allowed to work on Alaska Airlines flights  one the largest airlines that fly out of Seattle .
Parents wanted for questioning after girl's body found at home .
North Las Vegas police: 3yearold had been dead for at least a few weeks .
17yearold sibling is held in case .
Bastian Schweinsteiger has been suffering with a virus .
Franck Ribery isn't yet fully fit after fiveweek absence with ankle injury .
Arjen Robben Medhi Benatia and David Alaba are all sidelined .
Overloaded ship capsized off the Libyan coast on the treacherous journey across the Mediterranean on Sunday .
Around 150 were brought to Italy after being rescued – but survivors said at least 400 other migrants had died .
Amnesty International accuses EU of 'clearly threatening thousands of lives' after scrapping rescue operations .
The video was created by Washingtonbased American Chemical Society .
It reveals three 'hacks' to tackle stains on windows carpets and counters .
And shows the science behind why gin removes red wine stains and why spit removes food stains on hard surfaces .
Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso both retired in Malaysia last month .
Button says however that McLaren are moving in the right direction .
The Chinese Grand Prix takes place in Shanghai this weekend .
Ben Flower regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia every day .
The Wigan Warriors forward was sent off in 2014 Super League final .
Flower landed punches on Hohaia while he was laying on the floor .
The 27yearold is ready for a comeback after a sixmonth ban .
Northern territory's Chief Minister Adam Giles issued harsh warning .
Minister for Children and Families John Elferink also made the threat .
They say children who throw rocks at police will be taken into care .
'Parents should not doubt our resolve to do this' Mr Giles said .
NT Police have seen a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs .
On Monday 50 young people threw 'large rocks' at police .
By Wednesday night however there was no rock throwing reported .
Police explained to Daily Mail Australia it was not a 'regular occurrence'
No police officers have been harmed during the rock throwing .
Residents of Alderholt woke up yesterday to discover the big surprise .
Nobody has an idea who is behind the wonderful and generous gesture .
Residents took to Facebook in order to thank the mystery benefactor .
Local resident Tracey Feltham said: 'It's such a wonderful act of kindness'
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland is suing Bassel Saad who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and is serving eight to 15 years in prison .
Another man who controlled the team and the soccer league is also listed in the lawsuit .
Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia .
Peter Gale dismissed from Nonsuch High School For Girls a fortnight ago .
The reason was given as ‘unprofessional and inappropriate conduct’
Mail on Sunday investigation discovers it was due to emails sent to pupil .
But  Mr Gale  denies he behaved inappropriately towards any student .
Mitchell Keenan and his father Keith were evicted from their family home .
They were forced to live in a tent during the winter on a local hill .
Mr Keenan's toes turned black with frostbite and they were amputated .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Jon Jones is wanted as a suspect in connection with Sunday's accident .
A pregnant woman was sent to hospital with 'non lifethreatening injuries' according to Albuquerque Police Department spokesman Simon Drobik .
Marijuana and a pipe reportedly found in star's car by police .
Jones would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20something woman if he was found to have caused crash .
27yearold is set to defend his lightheavyweight title against Anthony Johnson in Las Vegas at UFC 187 next month .
CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news .
Sol Campbell has put his flat in Chelsea on the market for £6.75million .
He bought the property in 2011 and it has been renovated by his wife Fiona .
Former England footballer is an outspoken critic of Labour's mansion tax .
Campbell 40 sold his £20million London townhouse earlier this year .
Mother became advocate after seeing her son play with loaded pistol .
She and husband Jim  helped pass assault weapon 'Brady Bill' in 1993 .
Mrs Brady died Friday in her native Virginia from pneumonia .
Researchers at the University of Washington studied socalled telerobots .
They found robots designed for surgery could be hacked  and manipulated .
This is because robots being tested were operated over public networks .
It allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working .
All hunting memorabilia removed from public display at Norfolk estate .
More than 60 items including an Indian tiger have been placed in storage .
And the bloodred walls have been painted white to make change clear .
New sign outside Sandringham museum makes pointed reference to how changing times have spelled the end for some exhibits .
Shelley Dufresnein of St Charles Parish Louisiana took a plea deal .
Motherofthree avoided prison and won't have to register as a sex offender .
Took an image of her smiling after the hearing and wrote: 'My mood today'
Also said she was 'relieved' when followers began congratulating her .
Is still facing charges over an alleged threesome she had with the same student and fellow teacher Rachel Respess 24 .
Ilha de Mana a 15acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell is located near the colonial town of Paraty .
The private island off the Costa Verde is  three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from Rio de Janeiro .
At £2500 ($3750) a night it boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water .
With stunning surroundings the island has its own water supply and its buildings are solar powered .
Karen Reidy 40 met Sakir Candan on holiday in Marmaris Turkey in 2012 .
The pair got engaged 18 months later after Karen lost eight stone for him .
Hotel worker from Manchester discovered he was cheating on Facebook .
Manchester City fined £50million for breaking FFP regulations in 2014 .
Vincent Kompany insists the rulings only help the elite clubs .
City take on neighbours Manchester United in the derby on Sunday .
Boris Johnson said he hopes to be considered for Tory leadership after PM .
But London Mayor insisted position would not become vacant for 5 years .
David Cameron named Mr Johnson as one of three potential successors .
Frida Ghitis: ISIS and other jihadi groups see women as crucial in role of caliphate they want to create .
She says the groups want to enslave women tie them to a long outdated view of how society should work .
Chelsea defeated Manchester United 10 with Eden Hazard scoring the goal .
Despite the win Chelsea had only 29 per cent possession at Stamford Bridge .
The total is Chelsea's lowest since Opta started recording the data in 2006 .
Manager Jose Mourinho said that the end result was the most important thing .
Charles Collins 28 saved elderly Alfred McNamee after he fell onto tracks .
Leaped onto rails at subway stop in Philadelphia and helped him escape .
Identity was revealed this week after Wednesday rescue .
Collins visited McNamee who has several broke bones in hospital .
Sheriff Stanley Glanz told a press conference on Monday that the FBI investigation had cleared his department over the April 2 death .
Robert Bates a 73yearold reserve deputy continues to face seconddegree manslaughter charges over the death of Eric Harris .
The two fulltime deputies seen in the videotape of the incident have been reassigned for their own safety .
Sheriff Glanz said he doesn't believe reports that Bates' training records were falsified and that he has in intention of resigning over the incident .
Fabricio Coloccini is set to be removed as Newcastle United captain .
Manager John Carver feels recent skippers have let the team down .
Coloccini and Moussa Sissoko were both sent off in recent games .
Daryl Janmaat will be given the role in the summer as his replacement .
A house in Dungog in NSW's Hunter Valley is filmed being swept away by floodwater .
The footage taken on a camera phone shows the house narrowly avoiding power lines as it travels through the wild water .
A local Dungog woman described how she had minutes to evacuate from the property .
In another incident a second house was seen floating on a nearby lake .
Mark Lowe 32 beat his brother Wayne 33 to death last September .
Wayne who was known for being violent attacked Mark in bed with a knife .
Mumofthree Sarah Lowe insists her husband a nurse is a good man .
Mark is now serving a four year eight month prison sentence .
Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua  'Tiger Temple'  has long been a hit with tourists .
They flock there to visit the Buddhist monks and their huge feline pets .
However a vet recently alerted officials to three tigers being missing .
At 41 van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment .
Vermeer spent hours peering into the boxlike interior of a camera obscura .
Could Vermeer and van Leeuwenhoek have inspired each other’s work?
Chefs should embrace 'le doggy bag' to stop edible food going in the bin .
Food waste costs average French household hundreds of pounds a year .
Popular practice was previously 'unthinkable' for French food lovers .
New technology allows parents of IVF children to view babies' conception .
It allows parents to see the embryo forming far before usual 12 week scan .
Medics are able to watch process and select best embryo to be planted .
Sally and Stephen Morley among 1500 couples in UK to use technology .
The Vancouverborn actor was not injured in Friday's incident police said .
He was walking in an underground hotel parking garage during hitandrun .
Morgan Schneiderlin ruled out for rest of the season with ligament damage .
Southampton midfielder suffered injury in draw with Tottenham .
Manager Ronald Koeman admitted he may have played last game for club .
Schneiderlin has been linked with moves to Arsenal and Tottenham .
Saints travel to relegationthreatened Sunderland at the weekend .
The leaked memo was written by Apple's retail chief Angela Ahrendts .
She said she expects online orders 'to continue through the month of May'
And added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets 'closer to instore availability'
Lorry left roof suspended on hedge behind it near Birdlip Gloucestershire .
Police officer tweeted picture as warning to other drivers on country roads .
Driver may now be prosecuted for motoring offence after police attended .
Wayne Rooney listed his five most memorable moments of the derby .
Manchester United welcome neighbours City to Old Trafford on Sunday .
Rooney's overhead kick and winner in the Carling Cup made the list .
Paul Scholes Michael Owen and Robin van Persie were also included .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Tony Hunt from Normanton in Derby is demanding an apology from police .
Cat was run down by a patrol car then dumped in the boot neighbours say .
Ginger Tom had microchip so officers could have easily contacted family .
Derbyshire Police said they are trying to identify the officers involved .
Mother of three Erica Leeder allegedly squirted breast milk at a police officer .
The 26yearold was picked up on an outstanding arrest warrant on April 7 .
Was charged with assaulting a police officer and fronted court on Tuesday .
Perth woman spent a week in jail before she was released on bail .
Scott Sinclair and Jack Rodwell are two who have failed to make it at City .
Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell are the latest English players to be linked .
Man United Arsenal and Liverpool have more success recruiting English .
Cody Neatis 8 has Down's syndrome epilepsy and autism and is tubefed .
Was admitted to hospital but has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor .
Needs a special highsided bed to sleep in as he moves around in the night .
Mother Lynne Neatis says she has been battling hospital for it for two years .
Hospital  says it is waiting for a special bed from America to be delivered .
Two contestants on Countdown came up with the same word during game .
Copresenter Rachel Riley looked embarrassed as she spelt out 'erection'
Host Nick Hewer failed to stifle his laughter during the awkward moment .
Geraldine Jones charged with murder kidnapping criminal confinement .
Gary Indiana woman 36 charged in death of Samantha Fleming 23 .
Fleming and daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5 .
Police say Jones fooled Fleming by posing as childwelfare worker .
Barclays shareholders angered by generous pay packages for top traders .
Investors reeling as bank's share price has plunged since financial crisis .
Bank has also been hit by huge bills for wrongdoing with another coming .
Chairman Sir David Walker defended  pay out of £1.86billion in bonuses .
Reports in Italy say Juventus make opening offer for Paulo Dybala .
The Palermo striker has been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal .
Real Madrid and Barcelona continue title battle with La Liga victories .
The 130page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair and The Kotex Song as well as Bestiality .
One of them The S&M Man is set to tune of The Candy Man and graphically describes sexually mutilating women .
Revealed in lawsuit filing by four sexualassault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled entirely within the command structure .
French artist Vincent Lamouroux unveiled the motel's new look yesterday .
Used environmentallyfriendly limewash to create effect of 'bedazzlement'
Seedy building known as Bates Motel for likeness to the motel in 'Psycho'
Mr Lamouroux said new look can represent 'blank screen' for our desires .
Emily Thornberry has criticised Conservative 'righttobuy' policy .
Family bought housing association property for £572000 in 2007 .
Threestorey property in north London now worth almost £1million .
Natasha 24 and Patrick Jackson 22 were both left brain damaged at birth .
They're severely disabled suffer cerebral palsy and Natasha has epilepsy .
She is wheelchairbound and relies of nurses to help her dress and eat .
Mother Paula McKay has won a £13 million legal battle for compensation .
Iran Revolutionary Guards seized MV Maersk Tigris with 34 sailors aboard .
Iranian navy harassed another Maersk ship days before Pentagon said .
Revelations have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes .
Officials from Iran claimed they seized Maersk Tigris under a legal order following a long running legal dispute with the shipping company .
Christine Bleakely and Frank Lampard have been together for five years .
Bonding with daughters by model Elen Rivas has been a slow process .
The TV presenter admits that becoming a stepmother is very delicate .
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer .
Rodgers left Northern Ireland at the age of 16 to prove himself at Reading .
The Liverpool boss was forced to quit playing by the age of 20 .
42yearold believes past experiences have inspired him to look after Liverpool's young stars .
Researchers are developing a computer that can write weather forecasts .
It takes meteorological data and writes a report designed to mimic a human .
This process is known as 'natural language generation' (NLG)
A prototype system will be tested on the BBC website later this year .
Barack Michelle Malia and Sasha Obama attended Alfred St Baptist Church .
They sat at the front during service in Virginia on Sunday morning .
On Monday Michelle and Barack will perform a dance at the Easter Roll .
Survey by student news website The Tab looked into university sex habits .
It found that scientists and dentists were most likely to be virgins .
Sociologists and artists were least likely to still have their virginity .
Jamie 13 Reuben 13 and Finley 10 are on their way to becoming spooks .
TV cameras allowed into London headquarters just for children's show .
Trio even got to meet with security service director general Andrew Parker .
Stunt comes with MI5 busier than ever battling terrorism and rise of Russia .
Conor McGregor believes Floyd Mayweather lacks skills other than boxing .
UFC star claimed he would 'kill' the boxer in 'less than 30 seconds'
McGregor takes on Jose Aldo for the featherweight title on July 11 .
Mayweather is preparing to take on Manny Pacquiao in two weeks time .
Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son Saturday .
That same day mother Sandra Shemansky 57 was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden Florida .
Michael Shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
Manchester United lost 30 by Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday .
Louis van Gaal said United's motivation did not match Everton's .
The United boss could tell the attitude was not right in the warmup .
Anthony Bethell has taken St John's College Oxford to court over a hedge .
Bushes divide his home in Warwickshire from college's 1200acre plot .
He claims college refused to meet to discuss replanting ancient hedgerow .
Dispute over 'most expensive hedge' could cost £150000 in legal fees .
Court rules American bulldog Winston must leave his home this month .
Pet's attacks led to 14month ban on  deliveries on two Blackburn roads .
His owner Hayley Sandiford claims Winston is 'not a danger' to anyone .
'Unfortunately he does have a thing about postmen but it is the mail they carry and not the postmen themselves' she said .
Winston's eviction means that postal deliveries will resume on May 1 .
Shailene Woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot .
Blake applies mayonnaise to the ends of her hair when she showers .
Kate Moss submerges her face in cucumber water .
Colder weather set to last this week and into first half of May  less than a fortnight after temperatures hit 25C .
Snow from Pennines northwards today while much of Britain will see showers and Scotland has ice warning .
Maximum temperatures this week of around 15C in far South East with 5C expected in rural areas overnight .
Early Met Office forecast for Bank Holiday weekend suggests North East will see best weather into Saturday .
Dikembe Mutombo was an eighttimes NBA AllStar  famous for swatting away opponents' shots and wagging his finger at them .
He has been elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame .
Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009 and mostly spent his 18 seasons with Denver Atlanta and Houston.
Director of television wants scifi series to be turned into film .
Emails show creative team reluctant to rush for fear it could flop .
Messages were among 173000 hacked by North Korea .
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's alarming incident .
Took place 18 miles from Ardglass on southeast shore of Northern Ireland .
Officials believe Nato drills may have attracted the interest of the Russians .
Just three days ago RAF Typhoons were sent to intercept two Russian aircraft near UK air space .
Valerie CadmanKhan 56 appeared on This Morning with daughter Aimee .
Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer  accused her of child neglect in 2008 .
Mum was arrested amid claims she'd left  Aimee outside for 45 minutes .
She was 'humiliated' after being led away from Middlesborough home .
No apology received yet but she feels 'justice has been done'
Spurs tracking Dynamo forward Andriy Yarmolenko .
Tottenham scouts have watched the Ukrainian star in recent weeks .
PSG also interested in signing Yarmolenko .
Kevin Mirallas also on Tottenham's radar .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
Union barons gave more than £700000 to Ed Miliband’s party in a week .
Overall Labour accepted more than £1.1million between April 6  April 12 .
Tories received just £492000 with most coming from wealthy individuals .
The Lib Dems meanwhile were given just £50000 and Ukip £8000 .
Prime Minister insists he will carry on focussing on economic message .
Mr Cameron has been criticised for running a lacklustre campaign .
Tory donors have backed Boris Johnson to take over if the PM falls short .
The 28 minute pornographic film was shot at Epping Ongar historic railway .
A popular location for family days out parents are outraged by  decision .
In the video a woman dressed as a school girl has sex in a wood carriage .
Managers have apologised for the filming and for any offence caused .
A Massachusetts jury is deliberating Hernandez's case .
Hernandez is charged with firstdegree murder in the killing of Odin Lloyd .
Catherine Gerhardt reached out to competitors when she started business .
She was ignored by most but received one nasty email from a 'flamer'
Ms Gerhardt chose to employ 'ICE' and Ignore Communicate and Exit .
She teaches this same policy to children through her company Kidproof .
A Flamer sends messages with intention to hurt the victim and get reaction .
Sam Cam accompanied the PM to the launch of his party's manifesto .
Samantha looked at ease in the £185 emerald green wrap Hampton dress .
The designer behind the frock is British fashion company The Fold .
Amanda Holden and Davina McCall are also fans of the workwear brand .
Ruling by the New York City Human Rights Commission is a blow for Stonehenge Village on Manhattan's Upper West Side .
60percent of the tenants pay reduced rentstabilized rates .
The rest pay market rates of $3500 a month for a one bedroom apartment .
Most rentstabilized tenants are over age 65 .
This is the latest battle between property developers who get taxes breaks for building rentstabilized units and the city .
Cardiff University scientists found few teenagers become regular users .
Noted most teens who try ecigarettes are already smokers .
Suggest they are not using the electronic devices to help quit their habit .
New Belgium Brewery will make a beer inspired by Ben & Jerry's ice cream .
It will be called "Salted Caramel Brownie"
Wenger and Mourinho faced off once more as Arsenal and Chelsea contested a 00 draw .
Neither boss was in a combative mood before the game despite some fiery matchups between the pair in the past .
Arsenal manager yet to record a win against the Portuguese in 13 meetings .
The point is another significant step for Chelsea in their inevitable march toward the title .
Mourinho hits out at 'boring' criticism as he claims 11year title wait for Arsenal is the real tragedy .
Isabelle Obert a nutrition consultant believes good diet can boost fertility .
Says 'a good diet affects the health of the egg and sperm before they meet'
She shares her top 10 foods to aid fertility and tips on how to eat them...
Nick Clegg lists why Lib Dem support 'collapsed' in Economist interview .
Blames 'protest voters' who didn't want to take responsibility for collation .
Claimed public sector workers left because pensions hit and jobs cut .
Says those reasons were more important than policy decisions he made .
Tory source says interview  'sums up' Clegg who 'is like a petulant child'
Celtic beat St Mirren 20 to move eight points clear at the top of the league .
Ronny Deila praised his players for their patience in waiting for the win .
Although pleased he said the pitches in Scotland are 'terrible'
Deila believes it would be better to play on artificial pitches .
Bus was carrying 40 players and staff back from away game when it was attacked near the city of Trabzon .
Trabzon governor Abdulcelil Oz said the bus driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet .
Security officers on board were forced to take control of the bus and safely stopped it on Saturday night .
Jemma Gawned was on Australia's first season of reality show Big Brother .
Now runs a raw food empire called Naked Treaties based in Byron Bay .
Insists secret to her success 'spreading the vibration of love through food'
The 40yearold tried for ten years to get Jemma Cosmetics off the ground .
She described that experience as an 'apprenticeship' for current business .
Marla McCants from Nashville Tennessee began rapidly gaining weight after her exboyfriend kidnapped her and held her hostage .
The 43yearold travelled to Houston Texas to meet with weight loss expert Dr Younan Nowzaradan but faced death after a blood clot moved to her lungs .
The motherofthree underwent gastric bypass surgery but refused to get out of bed for weeks after the procedure .
Siem de Jong has made just one Premier League start this season .
The 26yearold has been plagued by injuries since joining from Ajax .
He played 45 minutes as Newcastle lost 20 at home to Derby County .
Loanee Facundo Ferreyra replaced De Jong at halftime .
Alefe Santos and Farrend Rawson on target for the Rams at St James' Park .
Liverpool scouts have been impressed by Geoffrey Kondogbia this season .
The midfielder was one of the most coveted youngsters in Europe .
France international joined Monaco from Sevilla in 2013 for £17million .
Liverpool remain in the frame for James Milner and Danny Ings .
Kroeger 57 was a cast member on SNL from 1982 to 1985 .
He moved back to his home state of Iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons and is now an advertising executive .
Freshman Republican Rod Blum is currently representing the 1st District .
Kroeger will be running as a Democrat and already has two opponents for the primary .
Manchester United top the table with players in the best XI since 1992 .
They have had 75 inclusions with Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs on six each .
Arsenal are second in the alltime Premier League table with 42 in total .
Chelsea's six representatives this year brings them to a total of 29 .
Manchester City have had 11 players named since 1992 – same as Leeds .
Only Shaun WrightPhillips included before Sheik Mansour's takeover .
Liverpool's Steven Gerrard has been named the most times (eight)
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 31 in the Premier League on Saturday .
Manchester City lost 21 at Crystal Palace on Monday night .
Result means United sit one point ahead of City with seven games left .
Two sides meet in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Frances Clarkson 53 spend Easter Bank Holiday weekend in Caribbean .
She was spotted with friends and family as she sunbathed and jet skied .
Previously holidayed there with Jeremy Clarkson but pair now 'live apart'
He was sacked by BBC last month after 'fracas' with Top Gear producer .
Ukip leader 'confessed' that he preferred some migrants to others .
He said immigrants from Commonwealth countries settled more easily .
Mr Farage also called on refugees fleeing to Europe to be sent back .
He said the Royal Navy should be sent to patrol the Mediterranean .
Mr Farage also accepted that he used explosive language to get noticed .
Leeds United travel to Charlton Athletic on Saturday in the Championship .
Mirco Antenucci Giuseppe Bellusci Dario del Fabro Marco Silvestri Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani have withdrawn from squad .
Understood that Neil Redfeard and physios were not aware of the injuries .
German pensioner is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65 .
Britain's older mother Sue Tollefsen thinks decision is 'selfish in a way'
She had daughter Freya now seven when she was 57 .
Regrets that she may not have as much time with her daughter .
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's wheelchair football team .
Toffees goalkeeper took part in training session at Croxteth Sports Centre .
The U.S international took part in shooting practice and a short game .
Met Office predicts warmerthanaverage temperatures for April May and June in its longrange forecast .
Tuesday and Wednesday will be warmest days this week with 25C possible  above Marseille and Valencia .
Temperatures this weekend around 14C  with today  dry in South but wet and windy in North and Wales .
Severe wind warning in place for North Wales and northern England with 76mph recorded in Snowdonia .
Treatment developed by British team could boost ability to fight cancer .
Imperial College London say human trials of therapy could begin in 3 years .
Protein discovered could boost immune system ten times to fight cancer .
The chance discovery made when unknown molecule was found in mice .
Abedin was Clinton's deputy chief of staff at the State Department and was her 'body woman' during the 2008 presidential campaign .
State Department is investigating a special arrangement that allowed her to earn a second income at a Clintonlinked consulting firm while she drew a government salary .
Abedin also used a private email address on Hillary's infamous homebrew private email server while she worked at State .
She is married to disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner and stood by him through a string of embarrassing sexting scandals .
Huma is a Muslim whose mother teaches in Saudi Arabia a country that donated millions to the Clinton Foundation while Hillary ran the State Dept.
Joss Labadie given sixmonth ban for biting Ronnie Henry .
Incident took place shortly before the end of League Two clash between Dagenham and Stevenage in March .
The midfielder pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a FA disciplinary hearing on Wednesday .
Labadie served a 10match ban and was fined £2000 in 2014 for biting .
Marsha Yumi Perry 36 of Washougal Washington was arrested on Friday .
Police dog tracked her sent through a field coming within feet of the hole .
Officer Kyle Day gave warning he was about to unleash the dog when 'the ground moved and she sat up' police said .
Boy suffered cut to his face and scrapes to his knees and elbows .
Perry was arrested on felony hitandrun driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant .
Ana Elizondo was kidnapped in 2012 as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas Pan American .
Captors transported her through cars and tried to cross Mexican border .
She was released unharmed the following day by one of the kidnappers .
She believes she stayed safe by being friendly and joking with kidnappers .
Her experience will be featured on a crime documentary show Tuesday .
Underneath the polished manners lies a history of violence and rebellion .
New book 'The Old Boys' by education expert offers fresh look at schools .
At Winchester in 1818 a headmaster held hostage by axewielding boys .
David Cameron is an old Etonian as too is Oscar winner Eddie Redmayne .
Only a year ago Adam Johnson was still considered an England prospect .
The former Manchester City winger never fulfilled his potential .
Johnson has shown flashes of his talent but never been consistent .
The future of both Sunderland and their star player hang in the balance .
South Korean lawmaker quotes intelligence officials as saying Kim Jong Un countenances no disagreement .
Official reportedly executed for expressing dissatisfaction with forestry program .
Four member of Unhasu Orchestra also reportedly executed .
Javier Hernandez scored winner against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday .
The Mexico international is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United .
Hernandez does not feature in Louis van Gaal's plans for next season .
The striker who will have one year left on his contract would cost £7m .
Providenciales consistently ranks as one of the best beach destinations on the planet .
Greece is home to three of the top four islands in Europe including Santorini at No 1 .
Jersey ranked sixth in Europe its best ever position in TripAdvisor's annual rankings .
Raffaele Sollecito pictured shopping for lingerie in a clothes shop in Rome .
Cleared in March of killing the British student Meredith Kercher 21 in 2007 .
Italian 31 and American Amanda Knox 27 both acquitted two weeks ago .
Knox and Sollecito reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison .
Queensland Health confirms there's a shortage of whooping cough vaccine .
There is an insufficient supply of a booster which is used for adults .
Medical professionals insist the shortage will not affect immunisation program for babies children and pregnant women .
It's Australia's least wellcontrolled of all vaccinepreventable diseases .
Riley Hughes died in a Perth hospital at just 32 days old on March 17 .
His parents are campaigning for adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to avoid other preventable infant deaths .
Whooping cough is 'highly infectious' and lethal in babies .
Immunisation against it is available for children from two months old .
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .
Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream Fallon brought out for the two to share .
When asked if he would run for president Christie said 'I’ve got a day job which keeps me busy'
Stephen Dodd photographed Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying during halftime at Anfield last month .
He captioned the image: 'Muslims praying at half time #DISGRACE'
Liverpool FC now say they will take action against Dodd over the post .
Jihadists shown smashing shrines and statues in 2000year old city that was declared a World Heritage site in 1987 .
ISIS thugs recorded on ladders using hammers and AK47s to smash down historic relics on the ancient walls .
The fanatics claim relics are 'false idols' which promote idolatry that violate their interpretation of Islamic law .
Authorities also believe they have been sold on the black market by the terrorist group to fund their atrocities .
Bristol City's lead at the top of the League One table was extended to eight points following a 30 win over Swindon .
Kieran Agard scored the home side's opening goal from inside the box in the firsthalf .
Joe Bryan made it 20 with a superb freekick on 80 minutes before Aaron Wilbraham wrapped up the win from close range later on .
Man Utd fan gives Louis van Gaal transfer memo with six possible targets .
Dutchman urged to sign Gareth Bale and Paul Pogba in summer spree .
Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne 'would cost £15 million'
Mats Hummels Jackson Martinez and Memphis Depay also make the list .
Total expenditure would hit £300m if all signings were pulled off .
READ: Manchester United must keep David de Gea insists Phil Neville .
California is experiencing one of its most extreme droughts in modern history forcing concerned residents to react with extreme measures .
Conservation techniques include utilizing socalled 'gray water'soapy water used once for cleaning and by appliancesfor a second use .
Those uses may include irrigation flushing a toilet or even feeding livestock .
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago .
125milewide (200 kilometers) Chicxulub crater created by an asteroid .
Celtic missed out on the chance to secure a domestic treble after crashing out of the Scottish Cup semifinal 32 to Inverness on Sunday .
The Hoops were controversially denied a penalty after a blatant handball by Inverness' Josh Meekings in the area .
Still with the League Cup already won in March Celtic have the opportunity to win two trophies if they can clinch the SPL title .
Defender Virgil van Dijk wants to wrap up the league as soon as possible .
Patrick and Marianne Charles lit the barbecue as their heating was cut off .
Grandparents choked on carbon monoxide fumes in their conservatory .
The couple 78 and 74 laid dead for 16 days before they were found .
East Sussex coroner recorded verdicts of accidental death .
Quigg and Matchroom promoter Hearn offer Frampton cheque for £1.5m .
They want superbantamweight unification fight in Manchester on July 18 .
Quigg the WBA champion told Frampton to 'put his money where his mouth is' and make the fight happen .
But Frampton's promoters hit back saying Hearn had stalled talks .
Man impregnated female friend using his sperm and a turkey baster .
Robert Preston Boardwine had envisioned an active role in child's life .
Mother Joyce Rosemary Bruce only wanted him to be 'a friend'
She believed that if she used turkey baster and avoided intercourse Boardwine would have no parental rights .
But Virginia court rules Boardwine has the right to be involved as a parent .
The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn Michigan has had chair for 85 years .
The worn red chair from Washington D.C.'s Ford's Theatre is usually kept in an enclosed case but will be put in an open plaza on April 15 .
Abraham Lincoln was shot by John Wilkes Booth on April 14 1865 .
The Henry Ford Museum also holds the limo in which John F. Kennedy was shot and the bus Rosa Parks rode when she refused to give up her seat .
Girl was outside shops in Brighton East Sussex when she was attacked .
She received a puncture wound to her upper lip and was treated in hospital .
Police are hunting a man in his 50s with purple hair and brown moustache .
Kim Sears married Andy Murray yesterday in a Jenny Packham gown .
She opted for a traditional style for her wedding dress .
Increasingly celebrities are shying away from traditional gowns .
Keira Knightley wore a prom dress and Angelia Jolie's kids decorated hers .
Theresa Dybalski of Lakawanna New York was given the lottery ticket inside a birthday card from a friend .
Her friend who gave her the card died shorty after she won .
She received a lumpsum payment of $522822 after taxes last month .
Dybalski plans on sharing the money with her and her friend's family and plans to address 'a couple issues around the house'
The WikiLeaks founder is wanted for questioning over sexual abuse claims he denies the allegations .
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 .
Mourners gathered on Thursday to farewell Ashley Johnston .
He was shot while fighting with Kurdish People's Protection Units .
Mr Johnston was shot in a clash with ISIS in February .
His mother had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East .
Keith Whitworth was jailed for 22 years in 2013 for abusing three children .
One of the victims was his daughter Mandy Greenwood now 39 .
Mandy from Greater Manchester was raped almost daily as a child .
The motheroftwo has spoken out to try and help other victims of abuse .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 21 back in court today for start of defence case .
Prosecutors last week urged jurors to push for the death penalty .
But poll finds majority of Massachusetts residents want life imprisonment .
Defence expected to suggest Tsarnaev was led astray by his older brother .
Kabul faces uncertain future as NATO presence  and the money that came with it  fades away .
Interpreters are out of work NATO trucks sit idle on roads restaurants are empty .
The selfproclaimed kidnapper behind 'Gone Girl abduction' of Denise Huskins now says he will turn himself in to police .
He revealed this in an email to the San Francisco Chronicle and said that his coconspirators must be given immunity .
He then said if police did not agree to this deal he would go teach English overseas or 'go off the grid'
Huskins and her boyfriend Aaron Quinn have yet to make a public statement about the kidnapping .
Huskins 29 was allegedly snatched from her home  on March 23 then released one day later 400 miles away in her childhood hometown .
Her boyfriend Quinn 30 was allegedly tied up and monitored by the kidnappers which is why he could not go to police for 12 hours .
Hilary Wilson suffered an amniotic fluid embolism during labour .
She had a cardiac arrest and 'died' for 11 minutes as her son was born .
Was given a 30% chance of survival but thankfully woke up 4 days later .
Had no memory of being pregnant or giving birth after she woke up .
High costs are one of the reasons which keep travel plans grounded .
With some hard work and sacrifices people can find free places to stay .
Housesitting is becoming a popular form of accommodation .
People can also see the world by getting paid to teach English .
Ski resorts are always looking for instructors and hospitality staff .
Natalie Fletcher is a body painter from Oregon US working on '100 Bodies Across America' project .
The 29yearold has been travelling around painting different subjects .
She blends her subjects into the landscapes they're standing in front of  including buildings and scenery .
YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .
Duck and ten ducklings followed staff back to an office in Sutton Coldfield .
Visit was filmed by a member of staff on her mobile phone .
Employee said even company director found the whole thing hilarious .
Sheree Morgan 25 and sister Sophie allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept thousands of pounds stolen from elderly couple .
Morgan sisters allowed £17500 to be put into their accounts during scam .
Sheree recruited ex Daniel Webster 23 and her mother Justine Davies 44 .
But the conman who masterminded the scam originally has not been found .
A brand apartment block with  14 flats has been built in Bath city centre .
Residents said it was three feet higher and four feet wider than plans .
Council said it 'breached' planning control and ordered it to be bulldozed .
Landmark Developments Ltd is appealing against 'unreasonable' decision .
55 dead greyhound carcasses found dumped in Coonar Queensland .
A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police task force is investigating .
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow .
They were found in various states of decomposition in an area with no other training facilities or connections to the industry .
RSPCA spokesperson says they believe they may be young dogs that weren't fast enough .
Spanish newspaper Marca have praised Real Madrid's James Rodriguez .
The Colombian has impressed since joining from Monaco last summer .
Roberto Mancini wants to sign eight 'quality' players for Inter Milan .
Yaya Toure Filipe Luis and Lucas Leiva among Mancini's targets .
Juventus striker Alvaro Morata claims he is not interested in joining Real .
Arsenal backed out of signing Eden Hazard in the summer of 2012 .
Chelsea instead landed this season's standout player for £32million .
Arsene Wenger admits he does not have any regrets at missing out .
Wenger says signing Hazard was not financially viable for Arsenal .
Pentagon releases map showing coalition forces have taken back 2530% of Iraq territory from ISIS .
Counterinsurgency specialist Afzal Ashraf on what new data tells us about fight .
Ashraf: Where it counts (ISIS is) not standing and fighting .
Steven Howie 28 attacked his girlfriend Karen Murray in a hotel bedroom .
Punched and kicked her during the hourlong assault on New Year's Eve .
Stirling Sheriff Court heard bedroom was a 'bloodbath' following incident .
He was jailed for eight months but the couple plan to rekindle relationship .
Manager of Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted cancelled regular baby matinees .
James Hannaway restored 1930s cinema in 2004 explained reasons online .
He said staff were fed up with 'whingeing bitching snitching and the law'
Mr Hannaway also claimed they had been forced to reconsider film ratings .
The 14yearold had communicated with terror suspects in Australia authorities said .
Police: The teenager encouraged others to attack a parade and behead someone in Australia .
Bath scored tries through Leroy Houston Jonathan Joseph Matt Banahan Sam Burgess and Semesi Rokoduguni .
Fly half George Ford added 18 points from the boot .
The Exiles replied with tries from Tom Court and Blair Cowan .
Young mum Hannah Moore 20 had shots of her stretchmarks taken down .
Instagram has also censored images of periods pubic hair and nipples .
Yet provocative images of bikini models are deemed appropriate .
Those who have had their shots censored accuse the site of sexism .
Sherwood is a passionate man but he can’t afford to let things get personal .
At new club Aston Villa he has set the emotional bar high but it’s working .
Christian Benteke has found a new lease of life at the Midlands outfit .
A maths problem for 14yearolds has baffled people across the world .
Question uses logical reasoning and aims to sift out the most intelligent .
It was set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Maths Olympiads (SASMO)
Teaser appeared as number 24 out of 25 questions to test students .
Henry Howes was playing on arcade game after a swimming lesson at the Snowdome in Tamworth .
When he failed to pick up a teddy he reached inside the claw machine .
But the fouryearold stretched too far and got trapped inside the game .
Staff took half an hour to free Henry as they searched for the keys .
This is the final week of our major Good Health series on dementia .
We turn our attention to carers and what can be done to make life easier .
In England there are more than 670000 unpaid carers helping someone .
We explain what to if they become anxious as the light starts to fade .
Bed and gettingup times.
When to take medication.
Meal times.
Shopping days.
Leisure time such as TV radio or social times.
Before you start talking always engage eye contact to help get the person with dementia to focus on you. There can be a tendency for them to look away and this makes it harder for them to concentrate on the conversation.
Be careful about asking questions they may be unable to process. For example if they're upset don't ask what's wrong as they may not know or are unable to put it into words. Instead tell them: 'You seem to be upset let's think how we can make you feel better.'
Finishing sentences for them can increase frustration. It's better to ask if they'd like you to find words for them if they're having difficulty.
Watch their body language as this can give you clues about how they are feeling. For example repetitive movements can mean they are anxious or scared while withdrawing may mean they feel overwhelmed.
If they're doing something obviously wrong for example putting dishes in the washing machine or clothes in a food cupboard don't ask them why or castigate them  the reasoning side of their brain has been affected and pointing out their mistakes will only cause them embarrassment and frustration.
SpaceX says weather forced it to delay its rocket launch plan .
The company plans to launch a twostage rocket to the International Space Station .
After the launch SpaceX will try to guide the bottom stage upright onto the platform .
The organizers of the protest at McGuffey High School  encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt .
The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils were also physically bullied .
A number of the antigay protesters proudly shared photos of them wearing flannel shirts on social media platforms such as Instagram .
Thursday's event appeared to be a reaction to a Day Of Silence events for bullied LBGT students held the previous day .
Cesc Fabregas' poor form continued for Spain against Holland on Tuesday .
Chelsea midfielder captained his country but they lost 20 in Amsterdam .
If his form goes on he will not match Premier League assists record .
Thierry Henry's mark of 20 in 200203 is four more than Fabregas' total .
A resurgence in his form could help his club wrap up the Premier League .
Fabregas: I am going through a great moment at Chelsea .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Men in U.S. special operations forces  fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units .
Survey results show the need to do more to educate special forces members as integration of women into more military positions .
Male troops are worried that leaders would 'capitulate to political pressure'
Special operations forcesinclude the Navy SEAL and Army Delta units and are considered the most grueling and difficult jobs in the military .
Manchester City are in fourth a point behind rivals Manchester United .
City were beaten 21 by Crystal Palace on Monday and face United Sunday .
Manuel Pellegrini ready to battle for three points to move above United .
A Chicago Cubs fan enjoyed a beer with a hint of baseball at Wrigley Field .
The 24yearold caught a foul ball in her drink during Saturday's game .
A random sample from a Michigan store tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes .
No illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported so far .
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet has returned to England after serving on international duty with Belgium .
He was an unused substitute in Belgium's Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel with Chelsea's Thibaut Courtois playing instead .
Mignolet posed for photos with pilots in the cockpit of the plane on the way back to England and posted them on his official Facebook account .
The 27yearold was in the cockpit as the plane landed .
Charlie Hill contemplates returning to the United States for family and blackberry pie .
He would also have to face justice on charges of killing a police officer and hijacking a plane .
Celtic lost their Scottish Cup semifinal to Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
The Glasgow club wrote to the SFA to complain about a penalty decision .
They were angered by the referee's failure to award a penalty for handball .
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths complained they were 'robbed' at Hampden .
Adrian Durham: Man Utd need Gareth Bale to give them needed dynamism .
Ed Miliband says he spent his childhood obsessing over computer games .
Labour leader reveals he is a fan of Ellie Goulding and the band Bastille .
Poor handeye coordination but spent childhood playing Manic Miner .
Says he mother calls him 'Edward' if she does not like one of his policies .
Paula Creamer won the 2010 women's US Open .
Creamer suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April .
Jordan Spieth stormed to his first Masters title earlier this month .
Alastair Cook's old failing against the full ball just outside off stump was again exploited by West Indies .
BBC's Test Match Special pundit Geoff Boycott questioned wisdom of Jonathan Trott returning to the England side .
England recovered from a shaky start to end third day of first Test on 1163 in their second innings a lead of 220 .
David Cameron claims he is a West Ham fan during a speech .
The Prime Minister has previously said he supported Aston Villa .
The Tory leader apologised saying he experienced 'brain fade'
Damon Muller was diagnosed with rare autoimmune disease in November .
The 11yearold can't go out in the sun or be active due to muscle swelling .
He was rushed to a Brisbane hospital because his throat closed over and there's a chance his heart could be affected too .
Juvenile Dermatomyositis effects muscles including thighs hips and chest .
Destiny Cooke 16 and Lajahia Cooke 17 were beaten by a mob in Trenton .
Lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring and then girl's mother threw a rock at her ear which required 12 stitches .
Destiny has a bald spot where someone grabbed a chunk of her hair .
People can be seen holding the girls down so others can punch them over and over again while the crowd laughs and cheers .
Destiny said as the sisters walked out of the park the police 'just stayed in their cars and just looked at us'
Homes with Waitrose nearby cost 12% more than those not near a branch .
Study found houses cost £38831 more than homes without the shop .
But having budget store like Lidl nearby means house could be worth less .
Ipswich denied three points as Wolves fight back to draw 11 on Saturday .
Manager Mick McCarthy hails qualities of 'horrible bunch' of players .
Richard Stearman's own goal had given Ipswich an early lead at Molineux .
But Benik Afobe equalised on 50 minutes with closerange volley .
Former England prop David 'Flats' Flatman says the 'buzz' around World Cup is growing .
Flats says with the right 'constructive noise' competition can build rugby .
England will need to play exciting rugby to capture public's imagination .
Recalling the likes of Danny Cipriani is a step in the right direction .
Those who often dine out are more likely to have elevated blood pressure .
Eating out is associated with higher calorie saturated fat and salt intake .
Researchers found 27.4% of Singapore's population had prehypertension .
Of these more than a third ate more than 12 meals out every week .
The prodigious pumpkins were transported to the zoo on Wednesday .
One 728kg pumpkin was the biggest to ever grace the Easter Show .
The Asian Elephant herd were quick to pounce on the novelty breakfast .
The zoo introduces new foods to challenge and stimulate their animals .
Barcelona struggle to 10 La Liga victory against Celta Vigo .
Jeremy Mathieu gave Barcelona 10 lead with second half header .
Orellana shown red card for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets .
Luis Suarez shown a yellow card for diving by referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido .
Christian Englander 30 threw a banana peel at Chappelle 41 during show at Lensic theater in Santa Fe on Monday .
On Thursday he threw another peel at a man upset by first attack .
Claims it was a 'joke' because 'the irony was too much to pass up'
Insists the attack on Chappelle was not racially motivated .
He had eaten the fruit before the show washed it down with a shot of 99 Bananas liquor left the peel in his pocket .
Will outofdate sun lotion protect your skin from sun damage?
Can you keep using last summer's bite cream?
Alice Smellie finds out which summer supplies we need to restock .
Rachel Simpson 15 diagnosed with oneinamillion genetic condition .
Has mutation of the GATA2 gene making her vulnerable to infection .
Can also make blood cells abnormal leading to leukaemia .
The other members of her family will find out their fate in next few weeks .
An estimated 1000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the Winston Churchill's infamous operation .
Historian Stephen Chambers has released rare photographs to mark the centetary of First World War campaign .
Peter Fox 26 has been arrested in London on suspicion of double murder .
His sister Sarah 27 was found dead at her home in Bootle on Thursday .
Mother Bernadette 57 was later found dead at sheltered accommodation .
Fox was arrested at Euston station after he was seen by member of public .
Vit Jedlicka the first president of Liberland tells CNN that the country will be formally founded on May 1 .
On April 13 Jedlicka declared an area between Croatia and Serbia "the Free Republic of Liberland"
Jedlicka says that almost 300000 applications for citizenship have so far been received .
Rickie Lambert has barely played since joining from Southampton .
Brendan Rodgers' decision to continue with Mario Balotelli is illogical .
Balotelli has to go down as Liverpool's worstever signing .
Lambert may not be world class but he deserves better than this .
READ MORE: Manchester United need to raid Borussia Dortmund .
READ MORE: Mesut Ozil is in danger of becoming an Arsenal flop .
Louis Jordan 37 was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina .
Refused treatment when he was taken to hospital in Norfolk Virginia .
Coast guard crew who rescued him said he was smiling when they arrived .
Group expected him to be severely sun burnt and covered in blisters .
Refused treatment at hospital and conducted TV interviews straight away .
Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .
Charlie Austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later Bobby Zamora made it three .
Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom before Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off and Joey Barton scored .
Darwin body builder Phil Primmer died on Thursday after collapsing .
He'd just returned from doctor's appointment to try and treat a sore neck .
Phil was a celebrated competitor winning the 2012 and 2013 National Amateur Body Building Association’s Southern Hemisphere Championship .
His son Shannan posted a heartfelt tribute on his father's Facebook page .
Jared McCarroll head chef at M Restaurant and Grill shares his expertise .
The more fat your steak contains the more juicy it will be after cooking .
Look for thickness rather than weight when choosing which steak to buy .
Torpedo Moscow fans broke down barriers and threw seats .
Match suspended for seven minutes. Torpedo went on to win 31 .
Torpedo punished three times this season for racist behaviour from fans .
Russian Premier League have promised a 'harsh punishment'
President defended negotiations that will lift sanctions on Iran .
Claimed measures will make it less likely for Iran to acquire nuclear bomb .
Admitted that the discussions had taken a toll on U.S.Israeli ties .
The crew were training for the Boat Race which takes place on April 11 .
The sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base .
The choppy conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide creating three successive waves that poured over the boat's riggers .
Binh Wagner a 3yearold Vietnamese girl adopted by an Ontario family was recovering Monday following a liver transplant .
Earlier this year her twin Phuoc received a liver from their adopted father Michael Wagner but Binh's fate remained uncertain .
The identical twins suffer from a genetic disease called Alagille syndrome which leads to a buildup of bile in the liver causing damage to liver cells .
The bizarre incident happened on M74 near Abington in South Lanarkshire .
Sheepdog leaned on controls of tractor taking it from a field on to the road .
Incident caused tailbacks as police and the farmer recovered the vehicle .
Don's owner Tom Hamilton was tending to a lamb when drama unfolded .
The Todd family died sometime between March 28 and April 6 .
Rodney Todd 36 lived in the Princess Anne Maryland home with his seven children aged six to 15 .
The sixhour funeral brought 1200 people together to pay their respects .
Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep after a power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home .
Todd had bought a generator and put it in his kitchen to keep his two sons and five daughters warm .
A  U.S. citizen from the Middle East who died of variant CreutzfeldtJakob disease in Texas in May 2014 likely ate contaminated UK meat .
Investigators say the unnamed man who was in his 40s likely ate the tainted meat before moving to the U.S. in the 1990s .
Variants CreutzfeldtJakob  is a deadly neurological disease caused by abnormal proteins  Britain's seen hundreds of cases since the 1990s .
Jonas Bjorkman joined Andy Murray's camp on an initial trial .
Amelie Mauresmo is due to give birth to her first child in August .
Bjorkman will work with Murray right through to the US Open .
Murray is in Munich to compete in this week's BMW Open on clay .
Mike Keen revealed he was 'officially confused' in public Facebook post .
Ed Miliband vowed to 'abolish' the 200yearold tax rule for nondoms .
But Ed Balls warned in January it would cost the country money .
Tottenham fullback Kyle Walker sustained a foot injury following a collision with Burnley's Kieran Trippier during the draw at Turf Moor on Sunday .
Early fears that the foot was broken have been allayed following scans .
Spurs are hopeful that the England international will return soon .
West Brom are seven points above the relegation zone .
Tony Pulis has never guided a team into the top half of the Premier League .
Pulis has never been in charge of a side who have been relegated .
William 'Wild Bill' Wilson 93 and Lillian Karr Wilson 89 were both Alzheimer's patients and had to live in separate nursing homes .
But their son Doug often drove Lillian to see Bill and said he believes they were able to 'read each other' even when they had trouble communicating .
The couple didn't have their parents' blessings when they ran off to wed .
But they survived a war and many moves and job changes during marriage .
Their shared funeral service will be a 'celebration of life'
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer .
Benaud captained Australia as a player before going into broadcasting .
His commentary style became globally synonymous with cricket .
CLICK HERE for Benaud tributes as the cricket world mourns his death .
Charlie Sumner 20 invaded pitch at Reading's Madejski Stadium in March .
He did four front flips during FA Cup clash before stewsards tackled him .
Sumner from Wokingham faces threeyear ban for home and away games .
But he said he has no regrets and that his family had 'seen the funny side'
China's navy evacuated 225 foreign nationals and 600 Chinese citizens .
300 Russians and 200 Pakistanis were flown out of wartorn area .
Weapons parachuted into Aden by Saudiled war planes .
Conflict has seen at least 519 people killed so far says UN .
MIT's algorithm reveals how effectively someone is striking keys .
It does this by studying how long key is pressed before being released .
Team are working on an app that gathers same data from a smartphone .
It could detect other problems that affect movement such as arthritis .
Dave Sim has spent months training to ride Tour route on a Chopper .
The 36yearold personal trainer hopes to inspire people to begin riding .
His Raleigh Chopper is the 2004 revival of the classic 1970s kids' bike .
He said it had 'always been a dream' to ride the famous Tour de France .
Questions Tuesday centered on whether defining marriage should be left to voters in individual states or decided by  judicial system .
Chief Justice John Roberts who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold Obamacare seemed to lean conservative .
Eyes on Justice Anthony Kennedy a key vote for challengers to the state bans who has penned decisions in favor of gay rights .
Ryan Heritage18 charged with theft burglary and failing to appear in court .
'Check if there's a warrant for my arrest if so good luck' he posted online .
He possessed cannabis when police caught him in Trowbridge Wiltshire .
Local police then reposted his Facebook message with: 'His luck ran out'
British teenager arrested on suspicion of helping to plot a terror attack on Anzac Day commemorations .
The 14yearold allegedly communicated with an Australian man over plot .
Five men arrested by Australian police after tipoff from UK officials .
Police are reviewing security arrangements for Anzac Day events in Britain .
Kim Kardashian has revealed her daily diet in extract from her new book .
The star changes her meals every ten days with the help of a nutritionist .
Kim typically eats eggs for breakfast and fish with vegetables for lunch .
Other stars to reveal their eating habits include Beyoncé and JLo .
Jennifer Aniston is a new Atkins fan while Gwyneth Paltrow eats 'good'
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi made statement during marriage advice speech .
Also claims women not wearing hijab properly could make men gay .
Homosexuals face persecution in Iran under strict Islamic regime .
Hospital admissions for allergies rose by 8 per cent between 2013 and 2014 .
Around 21million Britons have some kind of allergy such as hayfever .
But more than two thirds would not know what to do if they saw someone having an allergic reaction .
Cardinal Francis George a Chicago native died Friday .
He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines .
He was appointed by Pope John Paul II in 1997 to lead the Chicago Archdiocese .
George earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the U.S. Church .
Dr Adam Cobb 45 was arrested in Portsmouth New Hampshire on Friday .
He allegedly uploaded images of child pornography to  Tumblr website .
The 45yearold held senior military and government roles in Australia .
He was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island .
If convicted of the child pornography charges he faces 20 years' jail .
Lennon reportedly partied at Suede nightclub in Manchester on April 4 .
Venue packed with hundreds who had come to see Trey Songz perform .
Alleged victim says £55000aweek star left her with bruise below her eye .
Tottenham winger on loan to Everton interviewed on suspicion of assault .
Greater Manchester Police spokesperson said no arrests have been made .
Wild Asian elephant was trapped in a swamp in rural southern China .
Female animal had battled all night to escape before being discovered .
Villagers and police teamed up in a dramatic threehour rescue operation .
Exhausted elephant  cannot stand up and is being treated with medication .
Kai Windsor knew from  three that he had been born in the wrong body .
By four he wouldn't wear dresses and by six he wanted to cut his hair short .
Kai came out at school as a transgender and is now referred to as a boy .
At age of 10 he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty .
Durst arrested in March for California murder of friend Susan Berman .
Authorities found map of Florida and Cuba along with cash and drugs .
Lawyers say that money not needed for evidence in charges against client .
Durst faces state and federal gun charges before extradition for murder .
Report into threat posed by foreign fighters blamed Australian government .
The Lowy Institute Report says Australians fight in Syria and Iraq represent 'a serious national security threat'
The report claims the right policy response could mitigate potential disaster .
It comes a day after Melbourne modelturnedterrorist Sharky Jama was reportedly killed fighting with the Islamic State in Syria .
Family were told on Monday by friends via a text message and phone call .
Steve Miller is on a mission to tackle Britain’s obesity crisis .
The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming .
Steve claims his interventions could save the country and the NHS millions .
A report has shown that only 9 percent of homes in last quarter have recorded a loss at their sale with nearly a third selling for double what owners paid .
The total vale of these profitable resales was over $17 billion three and a half times more than the total of the loss .
Sydney recorded the lowest lossmaking resales at just 2.4 percent which is down from 3.5 percent in a year .
The typical home is now owned for over ten years before it is resold with Melbourne homes being held longest .
Fourtime Masters champion made the announcement on Friday .
He said he has worked a lot on his game and is excited to compete .
Woods last competed on February 5 at the Farmers Insurance Open when he walked off the course because of tightness in his lower back .
Andrew Caldwell 21 went viral in November after footage from a St. Louis megachurch showed him screaming 'I don't like mens no more'
He claimed to have been 'delivered' or cured of being gay .
Caldwell had yogurt thrown at him at a FroYo in Delmar on Wednesday .
He claims the employee recognized him and lashed out .
However the worker Stephanie Diaz said Caldwell called her a 'dog'
Three passengers report a loss of consciousness on SkyWest flight .
But officials say there is no evidence of a pressurization problem .
Danny Lennon was named interim Scotland Under 21 manager last month .
Lennon won his only game in charge a 21 win against Hungary .
SFA announced Lennon's departure in a statement on Tuesday .
Former St Mirren boss Lennon looks set to take over at Alloa Athletic .
Jeff and Joey Stallings took a 'bad batch' of Spice in Mississippi hometown .
Hospitalized after suffering from hallucinations sweats and violent shaking .
Photos show the brothers in medicallyinduced comas in McComb hospital .
Fortunately siblings rallied against the drug's effects and are now at home .
But Jeff has 'permanent kidney damage' and both are still addicted to drug .
Now their mom Karen has begged others not to take synthetic marijuana .
Because chemicals in Spice vary users do not know what they're smoking .
Issa Hayatou president of African football said they will support Sepp Blatter in his bid to for fifth term as FIFA president .
All 54 African FIFA members have agreed to back Blatter in the election .
Luis Figo Prince Ali Bin alHussein and Michael van Pragg have chosen to stand against the 79yearold and become the new president .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five times in Real Madrid's 91 win over Granada .
Ronaldo posts picture with a bike on Twitter .
Real Madrid star tells followers 'Exercise all you can!'
READ: Which clubs have suffered most at the hands of the Ronaldo?
CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Comedy sketch mocked US skiers at the Swiss mountain resort of Verbier .
It portrays a boorish potsmoking snowboarder named Jeff Randl .
Plays on stereotypes that American tourists are rude and less worldly .
Clip was produced for a news satire programme on a Swiss TV station .
It has been viewed more than 300000 times on YouTube .
Albert Davison made a fortune through sixfigure bets on his own horses .
He and wife beautician Penny Ann Davison 59 fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune .
After his death in 2011 she claims she is owed more from his legacy .
She claims his death has allowed him to avoid a mammoth tax bill .
Mother and autistic son face deportation to Philippines when their visa expires today .
Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone have lived in Australia since 2007 but have been told they need to leave due to Tyrone's autism .
Tyrone has designed a poster asking the immigration minister if he could stay in the country and handdelivered it to the minister's office .
The family live in Queensland where Maria Sevilla is a nurse at Townsville Hospital .
Suzy Lamplugh Trust said slogans make the crime seem 'humorous'
Charity warns joking about stalking can prevent victims coming forward .
Tshirts joking about stalking are sold online in various US and UK stores .
One in six women will be stalked at some point in their life .
Elizabeth Sedway 51 has rare plasma cancer and was returning to California with her husband and two children from Hawaii vacation .
Sedway shared video of her removal from Alaska Airlines flight on Facebook .
She said airline representative took note of her because she was wearing a surgical mask and was sitting in handicapped section of boarding area .
Sedway was told the airline was concerned she might collapse on the plane .
The cancer patient is expected to miss two chemotherapy sessions because of the delay caused by the airline .
Paul Hellyer served as Canada's defence minister from 1963 to 1967 .
He made the comments during a speech at the University of Calgary .
Hellyer says aliens have 'been visiting our planet for thousands of years'
Many walk among us he claims but it can be difficult to tell them apart .
Mumia AbuJamal was murdered Philadelphia police officer in 1981 .
He collapsed in prison earlier this month and was taken to hospital .
Marilyn Zuniga allowed her third grade pupils to write to killer AbuJamal .
Teacher apologised for actions but said her pupils wanted to write to him .
She said pupils became interested in AbuJamal after learning about him .
Gang member was intended target of shooting which shocked UK in 2011 .
Rival criminals instead shot Thusha Kamaleswaran who was paralysed .
Four years on gang member admits horrific knifepoint burglary .
He and an accomplice are locked up for targeting two women .
In an interview Armani 80 described cosmetic surgery as idiocy .
Believes women 'should not be desperate to look younger than her age'
The Italian designer also said he didn't like men who looked too muscly .
James Schoenfeld who kidnapped 26 children and their school bus driver in Chowchilla nearly 40 years ago was granted parole on Wednesday .
Schoenfeld 24 at the time his brother Richard and a friend Fred Woods were convicted of the 1976 caper .
The kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom .
They kept the children 'buried alive' in trailer that had been buried into a hillside while they negotiated a ransom .
Parole date has not yet been set and the decision could take months .
Arman Nejad 24 dragged girl into his house and raped her in October 2009 .
Police interviewed the victim in 2010 but then the case was never pursued .
In 2013 teenager had demanded to know why Nejad still living closeby .
Nejad was then arrested and jailed on Friday for five years for the rape .
Steve Bruce has promised wife Janet to go on a diet and lose some weight .
Hull boss was pictured lapping up the sun with pal Alan Shearer .
Bruce was enjoying a short holiday during the international break .
Archaeologists have found the skeleton of a camel below a cellar in an Austrian village .
They believe the camel was from the 17th century  OsmanicHabsburg war .
Ottoman troops used camels as troops during the conflict .
Five men arrested as part of massive antiterrorism raids in Melbourne .
ASIO warned families of the men they were targeted by ISIS recruiter .
Sevdet Besim charged with committing acts to prepare for terrorist acts .
Police allege the men planned to target an Anzac Day ceremony .
It is thought police  and public would be attacked with swords and knives .
Another 18yearold man was also arrested and remains in custody .
Three men had been released by police late on Saturday night .
More than 200 officers raided seven properties in Melbourne on Saturday .
Soldier had fought overseas in First Gulf War Bosnia and Northern Ireland .
Family say he had struggled to adapt to civilian life after 11 years in Army .
He  previously took overdose and told relatives he tried to take his own life .
Coroner records misadventure verdict and praises soldier's bravery .
Manmade quakes have hit once stable regions in central and eastern US .
These include Arkansas Colorado Kansas Ohio Oklahoma and Texas .
Some were caused by injection of wastewater which can activate faults .
Many of faults awakened by drilling have not moved in millions of years .
Customers sought to claim after French strikes affected flights this month .
Insurers asked passengers for airline letter that confirmed cancellation .
But easyJet told those affected to pay £10 administration fee for the proof .
Malaysian cleric claims marital rape is  'made up by European people'
Comments came after the launch of country's 'No Excuses' rape campaign .
But another Islamic scholar has now said men are also banned from refusing their wives  nor are they allowed to leave them 'unsatisfied'
John Sims who had Burkitt's Lymphoma died on Saturday with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side .
The pair married March 21 at MD Anderson Cancer Center .
They were on a roadtrip across the state when John's condition worsened .
Tony Blair said leaving EU would cause 'significant damage' to economy .
Sales of UK goods to 'rest of the world' have outstripped Europe for first time .
But total sales overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years .
Strong pound and weak eurozone is 'acting like straitjacket' on exporters .
Wigan exact revenge on St Helens in Super League GrandFinal rematch .
Warriors come out on top in tense clash at sellout DW Stadium .
Elizabeth Sedway 51 has rare plasma cancer and was returning to California with her husband and two children from Hawaii vacation .
Sedway shared video of her removal from Alaska Airlines flight on Facebook .
She said an airline representative took note of her because she was wearing a surgical mask and was sitting in handicapped section .
Sedway was told the airline was concerned she might collapse on the plane .
Alaska Airlines has said it has refunded her tickets and will pay for her family's overnight stay in Lihue .
Sedway posted on Facebook that the value of their tickets would go to study the blood cancer multiple myeloma for which she is being treated .
Jose Mourinho was speaking ahead of Chelsea's visit to Arsenal .
He made an effort to play down talk of not respecting Arsene Wenger .
But Mourinho was stunned by a cleverly worded question regarding his clashes with Wenger and Chelsea's title bid .
Mourinho: Cesc Fabregas chose Chelsea over Arsenal to win trophies .
CLICK HERE for Arsenal vs Chelsea team news and probable line ups .
Dentist Dr Sameer Patel highlights the dental dangers of your desk diet .
Some breakfast cereals contain up to three teaspoons of sugar he warns .
Swap your daily tea or coffee for green tea to prevent tooth staining .
Steer clear of white bread popcorn and watch out for 'healthy' smoothies .
Town of Evansville in Comanche County was the headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history in 1880s .
But now its oncethriving commissary building with post office grocery store and possibly a hotel are long gone .
However the remote ghost town is still home to two final residents  rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and wife Phyllis .
Couple live in a house just north of ruined commissary building  and only ever encounter hired help in the region .
Mrs Scherich said of Evansville: 'By 1910 there was not much left' adding she would 'love' to restore the buildings .
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night .
It included six Chelsea players including captain John Terry .
Man United Arsenal Liverpool Tottenham and Southampton represented .
The EA Sports team sees Diego Costa and Nemanja Matic miss OUT .
But Blues midfielder Cesc Fabregas is included .
Sergio Aguero Santi Cazorla Aaron Cresswell and Phil Jagielka also in .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United are  in race for the Premier League .
Dutch boss reserved special praise for Marouane Fellaini's recent form .
He says that the Belgian midfielder has made himself almost undroppable .
United are eight points behind Chelsea having played a game more .
Van Gaal's charges face Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday at 3pm .
Robin van Persie is still not fit enough to play at the weekend .
Eight of the prisoners granted clemency are serving terms of life in prison .
They were jailed for crimes including cocaine meth and heroin distribution .
The effort targeted sentences handed down under outdated guidelines .
Obama has approved 43 commutations in six years in office .
Johan Bavman photographed fathers in Sweden which has generous parental leave .
Sweden's policies encourage fathers to take just as much leave as mothers .
Wisconsin police arrested private investigator Dwayne Powell in 2013 who claimed he was hired by Church of Scientology to spy on Ron Miscavige .
David Miscavige's 79yearold father had left the church a couple of years ago .
Powell reportedly told police his job was to track Miscavige's movements read his emails and listen in on his conversations .
David Miscavige allegedly prohibited the private investigator from helping his father during a medical emergency .
Church of Scientology and David Miscavige's attorneys vehemently denied Powell's claims .
Delmarva Power says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to rental home where the family was living .
The utility says meter was disconnected for safety reasons on March 25 .
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power .
They were last seen alive on March 28 .
Conrad Clitheroe 54 and Gary Cooper 45 were taken to a police station .
They were told they would be allowed to leave if they signed Arabic form .
But they were held in prison along with friend Neil Munro for two months .
Officials confirmed today that charges of espionage against them dropped .
Survey found more than half of UK children kids don't have any veg .
Fussy kids are frustrating for parents  when they refuse to eat certain foods .
Nutritionist Annabel Karmel tells FEMAIL how to make a child like greens .
Turia Pitt said she starts to sweat and her mouth dries up when she talks about her traumatic bushfire ordeal .
She also revealed she was back running and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .
The revelation follows after surgeons successfully constructed a new nose .
But the 27yearold stopped breathing on the operating table .
Ms Pitt had to be placed on an incubator in order to survive the operation .
When she woke up in intensive care she said she just wanted to die .
But Ms Pitt is now proudly showing off her new facial feature .
Coldblooded jihadis drove to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa .
Disguised killers told locals there were there to teach them about Islam .
Once a crowd had gathered the militants opened fire with assault rifles .
They then set about setting fire to houses filled with unsuspecting families .
Calls for Lee Wankoo to resign began after South Korean tycoon Sung Woanjong was found hanging from a tree in Seoul .
Sung who was under investigation for fraud and bribery left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials .
Amy Bass: Baltimore rioting caused postponement of two OriolesWhite Sox games. Now third game of series will be played to empty stadium .
She says baseball can bring cities together. But with so few black fans players it will be hard for Baltimore to gather around this sport to heal .
Winston's lawyer: Kinsman's "false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times"
Erica Kinsman said Jameis Winston raped her in 2012 a prosecutor declined to bring criminal charges .
Her lawsuit alleges sexual battery and false imprisonment Winston has said they had consensual sex .
Gang  built cabinet so one of them could hide inside large void in middle .
Wanted to secretly switch Euros for fake cash during deal in Manchester .
Officers recovered €2.2m in counterfeit money and £52000 of real notes .
Four men aged 17 37 45 and 73 are jailed for total of almost ten years .
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during 15year coaching career .
Enjoyed impressive spells at Porto Chelsea Inter Milan and Real Madrid .
CLICK HERE to see Robbie Fowler's dream XI .
Kingsley Burrell 29 arrested by police and sectioned on March 27 2011 .
Mr Burrell had called officers alleging three men put a gun to his head .
But CCTV later showed nobody approached him so he was hospitalised .
Four days later he died in custody and allegedly told family about ordeal .
Court told that police allegedly beat Mr Burrell restrained him for six hours and forced him to wet himself by denying him access to a toilet .
Mr Sondheimer frantically tried to break down cockpit door before crash .
Photograph of the captain is the first to have been released since disaster .
It has emerged Lubitz was planning the attack online using name Skydevil .
Display created before staff learned Lubitz deliberately crashed the aircraft .
Didier Drogba featured in Chelsea's 21 victory over Stoke on Saturday .
The forward replaced Diego Costa who went off with a hamstring injury .
Chelsea are  seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table .
READ: Chelsea must remain focused to keep up title tilt insists Willian .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .
England start their three Test series against West Indies next Monday .
Stuart Broad is backing captain Alastair Cook to score big runs in series .
Bowler admits he is sorry to see Paul Downton leave role in ECB .
Rotherham beat Brighton 10 at the New York Stadium on Saturday .
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham after just eight minutes .
Rotherham move seven points clear of the relegation zone with victory .
Gulnaz fell pregnant after being attacked by a man called Asadullah in Kabul .
She was rejected by her family and sentenced to 12 years in prison for 'adultery by force'
Although that was later quashed the unmarried mother was left an outcast .
So to give her daughter Smile a normal life she married Asadullah .
In an exclusive interview with CNN she described life with the rapist who is now her husband .
Four masked raiders used saws and an angle grinder to break into an ATM .
When police arrived they fled in a stolen Audi reaching speeds of 145mph .
Police helicopter tracked gang to flats in Tamworth and they were arrested .
Driver of stolen car was found hiding in dense bushes after he was picked out by a thermal imaging camera on board the police helicopter .
David Nellist was caught on CCTV attacking his dog Coco in a restaurant .
He has been sentenced to two months in prison suspended for 18 months .
Nellist of Keswick Cumbria banned from keeping animals for five years .
The 38yearold was caught after a neighbour heard the pet 'screaming'
German banking giant has been fined for its role in a vast multiyear conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates .
Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails telephone calls and electronic chats .
Settlement agreement allows Deutsche Bank to keep its operating license in the United States .
Cochief executive Jurgen Fitschen expressed regret for the rigging and said no one on the management board had known about the misconduct .
Students at school in China pictured eating their lunches on the sidewalk .
They say they are protesting the high school's 'disgusting' canteen meals .
The school in Jilin province banned students from bringing their own food .
Teachers have erected barbed wire and metal sheets to prevent smuggling .
Elliot Daly was in fine form at outside centre for Wasps in March .
Daly 22 has not yet been capped by England .
Wasps head coach Dai Young says England must pick him for World Cup .
Motherofthree Georgina RojasMedina 41 was shot and killed by her commonlaw husband on Saturday night .
Gerardo Tovar 44 then turned the gun on himself in Tulare California .
The couple's bodies were discovered by their 4yearold daughter who walked out of the house and asked a neightbor to call the police .
The 4yearold girl and two other siblings ages 10 and 12 were not hurt in the shooting .
Finnish daredevil Antti Pendikainen races his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain in Sweden .
Pendikainen defied gravity by floating effortlessly   thanks to a parachute attached to the vehicle .
Ideas is brain child of Finnish extreme sports group Stunt Freak Team .
Yaphank in Long Island was founded in part by the German American Bund a pro Nazi group that flourished in the 1930s .
They established Camp Siegfried in 1935 as a place for likeminded Aryans to drink beer hold military demonstrations and learn about eugenics .
Yaphank remains a town in Long Island but gone are the roads once called Adolf Hitler Street Goebbels and Goering .
Yannick Bolasie raced past Lee Cattermole to claim his hattrick .
Referee Anthony Taylor was closer to Bolasie than Cattermole for final goal .
Gary Cahill has won back his starting spot after brief spell on sidelines .
Vincent Kompany failed to impress in Man City's defeat by Man United .
Arsene Wenger's decision to drop Wojciech Szczesny has been justified .
Southampton beat Hull City 20 at St Mary's in the Premier League on Saturday to keep top four hopes alive .
James WardProwse opened the scoring for the home side from the penalty spot 10 minutes into the second half .
The Southampton midfielder was brought on as a substitute at halftime and made no mistake from 12 yards .
Graziano Pelle made it 20 in the 81st minute as the Italian ended his fourmonth wait for a Premier League goal .
Prize money has been increased to over £20.2million at Roland Garros .
The men's and women's singles champions will each receive £1.3m .
The French Open remains the Grand Slam with the lowest top prize .
Pit crew member Todd Phillips was hit by a car on Sunday during the inaugural IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana .
He was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel .
Phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
Dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
Jefferson Montero to have fitness test after picking up injury with Ecuador .
Tom Carroll ruled out for Swansea after damaging ankle ligaments .
Mohamed Diame and James Chester to return following long layoffs .
Gaston Ramirez also set to play a role despite carrying slight knock .
Todd Larson 55 of Taylorsville Utah claims Delta A1 aircraft flew over his home dropping ice chunk smashing his Dodge Challenger's windshield .
He paid $4000 in repairs and wants the airline to 'admit its fault'
Mr Larson said FAA did an investigation and found that at the time of the incident an aircraft matched within two minutes that  was overhead .
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room when he stopped to talk and give the child a highfive .
As he left the biggest smile spread across the young fan's face .
Last year Grizzlies player Zach Randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter of a game to talk to the same boy and give him his warmup shirt .
Most Americans identify as 'middle class' whether they earn $20k or $250k .
New study calculates how much middle class citizens earn in each state .
Highest paid middle class is in Maryland Alaska New Jersey Hawaii DC .
Lowest paid is in Mississippi Arkansas West Virginia Alabama Kentucky .
Carlos Toro was promised he could stay in the US but is facing deportation .
Being sent back to native country of Colombia would be 'death sentence'
Toro informed on cocaine overlord Carlos Lehder of the Medellin Cartel .
Also provided information on former dictator of Panama Manuel Noriega .
He is hoping for visa or green card but can't yet collect social security .
A homeless convicted sexoffender screamed 'I'm going to rape you!' before attacking a woman in a Manhattan bar according to a criminal complaint .
A 23year old woman was allegedly raped in the bathroom stall of a bar in Manhattan's posh Gramercy Park neighborhood on Saturday .
Rodney Stover 48 was arrested on Wednesday in connection to the rape .
NYPD released surveillance footage of the suspect on Tuesday and a bartender recognized the man as Stover .
Stover had allegedly hid inside one of the bathroom stalls at Turnmill Bar at around 7.50pm on Saturday then ambushed the young woman .
He was arrested in 1992 for raping and sodomizing a woman he did not know and was released from prison on Valentine's Day of this year .
Mai Zizhou has been trained to play basketball since 2.5 years old .
Video shows him shooting the hoops and dribbling two basketballs .
His incredible skills have won him legions of fans around China .
Peggy Drexler:  Media even candidate herself call Clinton just 'Hillary.'  This reinforces stereotypes about women needing to be approachable .
She says especially  in global context  trust respect important for the potential leader of free world not familiarity. Just 'Hillary' not appropriate .
The Los Angeles Californiabased company has shuttered all of its 94 locations after switching to a webonly retail model .
Jenson Button's McLaren suffered electrical fault in first practice session .
The Brit managed just three laps in second session before break down .
He fears he will again be at the back of the grid at Bahrain Grand Prix .
Documents reveal relatives of Hollywood stars served during WWI .
Service records include two of actor Joel Edgerton's great granduncles who fought in Gallipoli 100 years ago .
It comes as Australia prepares to commemorate Anzac Centenary .
Nicole Kidman's greatgrandfather Edward Glenny worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI .
Revellers took part in outdoor parades and Morris dancing to celebrate St George's Day across the country .
Temperatures soared to 20.9C in north Yorkshire but forecasters warned colder wetter weather was on the way .
From tomorrow the weather will return to what is normal for this time of year with clouds and highs of around 12C .
Siem de Jong has been out of action since the end of August .
The £6m summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February .
De Jong was ruled out for the rest of the season but is close to full fitness .
Rhiannon Langley from Melbourne is undergoing Rhinoplasty in Bangkok .
The 24yearold has 189000 followers on Instagram alone .
She is sharing pictures and videos of her experience on social media .
Langley tells Daily Mail Australia that reaction so far has been positive .
Doug Gregory flew Beaufighters and Mosquitoes in the Second World War .
The war hero survived 67 missions flying over Nazicontrolled Europe .
He later became Britain's oldest stunt pilot and only retired two years ago .
Noone has been arrested or charged in connection with the hitandrun .
Twin sister of Freddie Gray asks for people to stop breaking things scuffling with cops .
Fans are permitted to exit Camden Yards after briefly being told to stay put .
12 people arrested during protests police commissioner says .
Andrzej Fonfara stopped Julio Cesar Chavez Jr in nine rounds .
Carl Froch had hoped to fight Chavez Jr in Las Vegas in a final swansong .
Froch has not fought since knocking out George Groves at Wembley Stadium .
Prime Minister hailed charity work of the Church across the country .
He also condemned persecution of Christians following massacre in Kenya .
Mr Cameron's praise for the Church comes after bishops attacked Coaltion .
Danielle Jones' bridesmaids started campaign to get Barlow at her wedding .
He replied saying he would come  but kept it secret from the 33yearold .
Singer turned up at reception in Berkshire and sung 'A Million Love Songs'
Mrs Jones said: 'I'm still on Cloud Nine  I just can't believe it happened'
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves was checked into the glass on Sunday by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook .
He went to the bench after the play and calmly pulled his tooth out .
St. Louis won the game 21 putting them at the top of the Central Division .
For the first time after worldwide speculation Bruce Jenner confirmed to Diane Sawyer: 'I am a woman'
He once encapsulated what it meant to be an alpha male: Olympic champion muscleclad hairy .
Told Sawyer he was 'a confused person at that time' during those Olympic days .
He revealed all of his three wives including Kris Jenner knew he crossdressed .
Ring is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two galaxies .
Albert Einstein predicted the illusion in his theory of general relativity .
This predicts the gravity of a closer galaxy will bend light a distant one .
Erica Ginnetti 35 was sentenced to 30 days in jail 60 more under house arrest 100 hours of community service and three years' probation .
She pleaded guilty in a Pennsylvania court in December to having sex with a 17yearold student .
She tearfully read an apology letter in court Friday to provide closure for the teen .
Married mother of three said she has mended fences with her family and became a fitness instructor .
A judge told Ginneti her 'sexual hunger' had devastating consequences for two families .
She first approached her victim in May 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym .
Two months later they met at Starbucks and drove to an industrial park to have sex in her car .
Just 11 per cent of research funding is allocated to dementia .
Money comes from both the British Government and charities .
Almost twothirds research funding was allocated to cancer .
At Apo Island this green sea turtle unexpected appeared in group's photo .
As the snorkellers posed the turtle surfaced to breathe and photobombed .
The area is a feeding ground and wellknown marine protection site .
The group included four children Turkish official says .
Turkish military didn't say what group's intent was .
UK Foreign Office says it is trying to get information from Turkish officials .
Teachers say pupils not ready for 'formal sitting down stage' before seven .
Play helps children develop communication and social skills they believe .
Want to follow lead of Finland where 15 minute play time follows lessons .
Union to ask for more play time at its conference in Harrogate this weekend .
Social media flooded with images of Anzac Day services across Australia .
Record numbers gathered at dawn services held across the country .
This year marks the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing .
More than 10000 people expected to attend centenary dawn service at the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey .
Malaysia Australia and China announce possible new phase of hunt for missing plane .
The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May .
Official who accused Mr Shapps of doctoring his profile a former Lib Dem .
Richard Symonds 29 is one of the UK's top administrators for Wikipedia .
However he once described himself as a 'Liberal Democrat to the last'
He decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday after concluding it was probably operated by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction'
Kim 34 shared makeup bag contents on Instagram .
Includes Clarisonic brush hairbrush from her own range and rose water .
Star is also getting set to launch new kidswear range .
Migrants rescued in Augusta Italy tell CNN why they fled .
They were packed onto two barely seaworthy boats tug captain said .
Stunning creations made by  UK's top cake artists and shown at the Cake International exhibition in London .
Bakers used a range of decorating techniques and detailed sugar work to make the stunning cakes .
Every part of the ornate bakes is edible from the hand moulded sugar beads to sugarwork figurines .
Each cake egg measures 30cm high and was created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine .
Crying Syrian girl was photographed in Jordanian refugee camp in November .
She threw her hands up in the air and began crying when she saw his camera .
Cameraman broke into tears when he reviewed the heartbreaking image later .
Follows iconic image of another girl who surrendered to cameraman in Syria .
Thousands of children have fled embattled country to seek refuge in Jordan .
Conflict charity claims their experiences cause terrorinducing flashbacks .
Blackpool fans protested against owners the Oyston family before their 11 draw against Reading on Tuesday night .
Thousands of supporters stayed away from Bloomfield Road .
Those who did show protested before the game .
They are already relegated from the Championship .
Small elephant MeBai is seen nuzzling her mother upon reunion .
She was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three .
Mother and daughter were reunited at the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary .
They caress each other with their sensitive trunks 'chirp' and cuddle .
Thierry Henry praised Francis Coquelin's performance at Turf Moor .
The former Arsenal striker was speaking on Sky Sports' coverage .
Henry referred to Coquelin as 'the detective' and 'Columbo'
Ambra Battilana 22 accused Weinstein 63 of groping her at his Manhattan office on Friday night .
The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview of Finding Neverland the Hollywood producer's new show .
A movie industry source said Weinstein gave Battilana the ticket during their Friday night meeting .
Source said Weinstein also told her he'd be backstage during the show .
The married fatheroffive has denied the model's allegations .
Her exboyfriend says she is a 'victim of her beauty'
Journalist Jonathan Maitland is confident the public is prepared for drama .
An Audience with Jimmy Savile to open in June starring Alistair McGowan .
The actor is best known for his comedic impressions of celebrities .
Previously portrayed Savile in his popular BBC series The Big Impression .
Lawyer acting on behalf of Savile's victims said they were happy with play .
But some critics condemned subject choice as 'not right' and 'unbelievable'
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on drunk driving dangers .
The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real rescue personnel responding to the scene .
In a graphic staged performance on Wednesday at Massapequa High School in Long Island there was a similar simulation .
"We all share the same pain" Valerie Braham tells Memorial Day crowd in Israel .
Her husband Philippe Braham was among 17 killed in January's terror attacks in Paris .
French authorities foil a new terror plot  a painful reminder of widow's recent loss .
Millwall beat 10men Charlton 21 in their Championship clash at the Den .
Addicks defender Chris Solly was sent off for a handball in the area .
Stephen Henderson saved the subsequent penalty from  Lee Gregory .
Alou Diarra scored for  visitors against the run of play in the second half .
Magaye Gueye levelled for the Lions before Jos Hooiveld netted late winner .
Aer Lingus flight EI 660 to Vienna was forced to return to Dublin midair .
The event happened yesterday just after two Ryanair planes had collided .
It was confirmed to be due to 'technical issues' and no one was harmed .
Max is a huskycorgi cross and measures 18.5in from foot to shoulder .
He has become a favourite with staff at the Dogs Trust in Basildon Essex .
Unbelievably he has been abandoned and is now looking for a home .
To find out more about Max call the Dogs Trust on 0300 303 0292 or visit dogstrust.org.uk.
Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten is sentenced to life in prison mandatory for his firstdegree murder conviction .
Three others get 30 years plus one day in the 2007 shooting in Baghdad that left 17 dead .
Since 1903 scientists have been claiming Brontosaurus doesn't exist .
They said the famous species should be classified as an Apatosaurus .
New study calculated the differences between families of Diplodocid .
Brontosaurus had a thinner neck and slightly different bone structure .
Mad Men star was charged with assault for November 1990 hazing incident .
Allegedly viciously beat pledge for the Sigma Nu fraternity at UTAustin .
Hamm and other frat brothers put pledge through humiliating initiation .
Allegedly struck him with a paddle 30times and set fire to his pants .
The alleged victim's mother called the police and arrest warrants issued .
Hamm had a summons issued to him after he left UTAustin in 1992 .
The incident led to the permanent closure of the Sigma Nu fraternity .
Zhu Diandian becomes web hit after posting pictures of bond with hog .
Images show her pet snuggled up in bed and going for walks in the park .
Her husband is said to be 'tolerant' but her pet dog is raging with jealousy .
'Cannibal Cop' Gilberto Valle stars in an HBO documentary called Thought Crimes which premiered on Thursday at the Tribeca Film Festival .
'When you’re behind a computer screen late at night no one knows who you are where you are' Valle says in the opening of the documentary .
Valle insists throughout the film that he never intended to actually hurt anyone and says he just has dark fantasies .
Valle was arrested in 2012 for plotting to kill and cook women but was released in July .
Christopher Eccleston's turn was among shortest incarnations of Dr Who .
Actor who grew up in Manchester played the Doctor for just 13 episodes .
He was a huge hit with fans but fell out with show boss Russell T Davies .
The 51yearold suggested he quit after a row over his decision to play character with a strong northern accent .
Image went viral after it was posted by user Bobitis on Reddit .
The unnamed youth from New York knelt on a chair to reach whiteboard .
The boy is the son of New York professor and drew map from memory .
'We need to send very clear leadership from the White House...' Christie said. 'And the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it'
Rubio said: 'I think we need to enforce our federal laws'
'I don’t believe we should be in the business of legalizing additional intoxicants in this country' he added  it sends a bad message to youth .
He also defended his framing of Hillary Clinton as past her prime and said he was knocking her 'ideas' not her age .
Bristol Rovers were relegated from the Football League last season .
There were tears on the final day after they lost their place in League Two .
12 months later Rovers are on the brink of returning to the League .
They sit second going into the final weekend behind Barnet .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five as Real Madrid defeated Granada 91 .
Karim Benzema scored a brace while Gareth Bale also found the net .
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 10 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header .
Study: 90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 .
10 per cent who couldn't amounts to 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts .
Situation is responsible for a quarter of A&E visits say researchers .
Problem is more to do with lack of doctors rather than opening hours .
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through cot and get trapped .
Her mother was watching baby monitor and found her hanging by neck .
Days later another toddler found dangling in £450 bed from same company .
Phillip Dickens owner of furniture supplier was given suspended sentence .
Dulwich picture gallery challenged public to spot fake among 270 paintings .
Visitor numbers have quadrupled in three months since it was launched .
Counterfeit ordered on internet from China for £70 has now been revealed .
It was a replica of JeanHonoré Fragonard’s 18thcentury Young Woman .
Sarah Stage 30 has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy .
As her pregnancy has progressed the model has come under fire from critics who claim she is 'unhealthily' trim and toned .
Nathan Priestly 21 slimmed from from 26 stone to 13 stone over two years .
A failed suicide attempt at 18 was his catalyst for change .
Nathan from Norwich traded alcohol and takeaways for the gym .
He now wants to show his school bullies that he's defeated them .
Team needed to help decrease Islamic State's domination of the internet .
Role includes leaking messages about British successes to enemy .
Previously reported that brigade would be made up of 2000 experts .
It will now have just 454 regular and reservist troops MoS revealed .
Sevenbedroom property in Scarsdale New York where Robert Durst grew up hit market this week .
Features solarium threecar garage maids' quarters chandeliers .
When Durst was 7 his 32yearold mother either fell or committed suicide by jumping off the roof of this building .
Realtor glossed over coincidence that Durst is currently under arrest and made first court appearance this week .
The 71yearold arrested on March 14 after police 'found a revolver marijuana and a latex mask in his hotel room'
He is challenging the arrest warrant as unlawful will soon fly to California for murder trial and possible death penalty .
Taffee the Shetland pony had to be put down after the breeze block attack .
Tiny pony's skull was caved in and concrete was found embedded in brain .
Charlene Bishop who is 17 months old groomed her horse every day .
Mother says epileptic toddler 'has lost her best friend and is devastated'
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Olivier Giroud won March's Premier League player of the month award .
He is the 16th French winner of the top flight's monthly accolade .
France are the award's most successful foreign nation ahead of Holland .
Eric Cantona Thierry Henry and Nicolas Anelka have all won the prize .
Iowabased writer Daniel P. Finney 39 weighed 563lbs when he started sharing his weight loss journey a month ago in The Des Moines Register .
He knew it was time to shape up after Xrays found arthritis and a narrowing of his spinal cavity .
Daniel who is already down 20lbs is attempting to lose the weight without surgery but is terrified to give up pizza and nachos .
Change4Life run by Public Health England to tackle country's obesity crisis .
It is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving .
The Apricot Bread Pudding recipe slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar .
Cardiologists say advice is 'disturbing' and is 'legitimises unhealthy foods'
Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey's sudden departures left huge void .
Dane Tilse is to sign a twoandahalfyear contract with Hull KR .
He joins former Canberra Raiders teammate Terry Campese at Robins .
Migrant women hope to reach Europe so their babies will be born there .
Hundreds of arrested migrants are detained in Libya while officials try to figure out what to do .
A funeral is held outside a Valletta Malta hospital for migrants killed in ship's sinking .
Zachariah Fike head of Vermontbased Purple Hearts Reunited says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn .
Benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach .
Discovered last year by metal detector enthusiast following a storm .
Charlotte Cobbald 17 was visiting family farm in Suffolk while being treated in a mental health unit .
She said she felt like a 'failure' and injected herself with animal drugs .
Told her father 'leave me to die' and paramedics were unable to revive her .
1 Pierrepont Plaza also houses Morgan Stanley and the federal prosecutor's office .
Hillary's campaign will occupy two full floors in the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood .
Upscale hipster neighborhood includes Urban Outfitters Banana Republic Shake Shack and a private squash club .
'I guess we can expect all the Clinton campaign tshirts to have ironic slogans right?' said a GOP Senate staffer .
Campaign has just 15 days to declare itself in the White House hunt after taking a formal step like committing to office space .
Aaron Hernandez has been found guilty in Odin Lloyd's death but his troubles are not over .
He also faces murder charges in Suffolk County Massachusetts but trial was postponed .
In addition Hernandez will face two civil lawsuits one is in relation to Suffolk County case .
Rogue One will be a prequel to the original trilogy .
First 'anthology film' will be about Rebels on a rogue mission to steal plans to the Death Star .
Felicity Jones  star of 'The Theory of Everything' will star as a rebel soldier .
Wigan posted a 3020 win against Warrington on Thursday night .
Ben Flower was making his first appearance for Wigan in six months .
Flower was banned following his red card in last year's Grand Final .
The Wales forward was sent off for an attack on Lance Hohaia .
Sam Tomkins is also returning to Wigan on a fourdeal next season .
Francis Coquelin defends Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud after criticism .
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a 'top quality' striker .
Coquelin insists the Gunners 'can win titles' with Giroud in the side .
French striker has scored 14 Premier League goals this season .
Giroud: I get p***** about everyone talking about my hair and not my goals .
PETA spokesperson Pamela Anderson joined forces with Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio  to promote the benefits of a vegetarian diet for prisoners .
Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8000 inmates has saved an estimated $200000 per year .
Reporters on a previous visit to the prison discovered the carrots in the stew were brown and that the soy looked like 'wood chips'
The PR stunt at Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday has been described as 'a new low for PETA'
Arpaio is better known for his controversial opinions and racial profiling of Latinos than his dedication to a vegetarian diet .
Video shows John Hargrove who appeared in Blackfish using the Nword seven times as he talks to a friend on the phone .
Hargrove said he 'had a lot to drink' when the video was filmed and did not remember the incident .
SeaWorld released the video to reporters and said they received it last weekend from an 'internal whistleblower'
Hargrove says the company is launching a 'smear campaign' against him .
He is currently on a book tour promoting Beneath The Surface .
Liz Smith 92 is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70year career .
Smith began working at 25 and went on to become the gossip columnist for both the New York Post and New York Daily News .
Smith a lesbian claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?'
Despite this claim Smith says Diller is in love with his wife Diane Von Furstenberg who he has been with since the 1970s and married in 2001 .
As for enemies she never again spoke to Jackie Kennedy's sister Lee Radziwill after she refused to defend Truman Capote and called him a 'f**'
She counts Elizabeth Taylor Elaine Stritch former Texas Governor Ann Richard and Bette Midler as her closest friends .
Barbara Walters was a good friend she claims but lost interest in Smith when she lost her newspaper column at the Post .
The officers have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students .
The incident occurred at El Centro College in Dallas and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams .
Footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall while one cop searched questioned and even hit one of the teens .
El Centro College President Jose Adames has said a full investigation is underway .
The noose made of rope was discovered on campus about 2 a.m.
Hundreds of people gathered Wednesday afternoon to show solidarity against racism .
Duke official says to unknown perpetrator: You wanted to create fear but the opposite will happen .
England's Stuart Broad collapsed clutching his left ankle in second over .
Fast bowler spent an hour off the field but later returned to the attack .
Jonny Bairstow made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out .
New report says Molalla Log Cabin could have been built as early as 1795 .
Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean in 1805 .
The construction of the log cabin is not representative of pioneer building methods at the time  suggesting it was made by foreigners .
Report's authors propose the cabin could have been used by Russian settlers farming in the area to support fur traders in Alaska .
Infant known as Mary was also found with two other drugs in her system .
She was discharged from hospital despite her parents being drug users .
The family from Liverpool were already wellknown to local social services .
Came amid concerns about alcohol abuse domestic violence and neglect .
Newcastle lost 10 to rivals Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday .
John Carver admits the Magpies struggle when they have to compete .
Newcastle play Liverpool on Monday and are nine points above drop zone .
Ryan Gosling's directorial debut "Lost River" is set in the city of Detroit .
Clarence David Moore 66 was convicted of larceny of more than $200 in North Carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison .
While working with a road crew in the Asheville area he escaped and was recaptured in 1971 .
He escaped again the following year and was on the lam until he was apprehended in Texas in 1975 .
His third escape from a Henderson County prison was August 6 1976 .
Moore's neighbors knew him by an alias and described his as ' a good neighbor' and also 'very compassioante'
The sheriff said he thought Moore's poor health factored into his decision to turn himself in.
As Moore arrived at the jail he thanked the sheriff for his kindness .
Graeme McDowell believes it is an exciting time for the sport .
Jordan Spieth won his maiden major at the Masters at Augusta on Sunday .
Rory McIlroy finished in the fourth position six shots behind Spieth .
McDowell finished in a tie for 52nd on six over par .
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce is out of contract this summer .
Swansea City boss Garry Monk has been mooted as a potential replacement .
But Monk believes that Allardyce is a perfect fit at Upton Park .
Monk's Swansea side are currently eighth in the Premier League table .
Danny Nickerson was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in 2013 .
He received more than 150000 birthday cards and packages after requesting a 'box of cards' for his birthday last July .
His mother Carley Nickerson shared the news of his passing on Friday .
Nickerson fought through 33 radiation treatments and two clinical trials which consisted of chemotherapy during his battle with DIPG .
Fascinating photographs show black boxes salvaged from the wreckage of plane and helicopter crashes .
Jeffrey Milstein took the pictures to shed light on what happens to flight recorders after tragic accidents .
Many of them are dented mangled and even damaged by fire but they could still be used by crash investigators .
A store in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is charging women 76 per cent of what they charge men reflecting the local pay gap .
Owner Elana Schlenker says she hopes the project called Less Than 100 draws attention to wage inequality .
She plans to travel with the shop and will open up in New Orleans Louisiana this fall .
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City on a free transfer last year .
The defender insists he does not regret making the switch to the Etihad .
City are behind FA Cup finalists Arsenal and face a season without a prize .
Two parrots were home alone when a fire erupted in Boise Idaho .
Started calling 'Help!' and 'Fire!' crew thought they were human voices .
Both were pulled from the wreckage and treated with oxygen masks .
Mamadou Sakho limped off in Liverpool's win over Blackburn Rovers .
French defender looked to be suffering with hamstring trouble in first half .
Brendan Rodgers forced to use pairing of Dejan Lovren and Kolo Toure .
Mohammed Suleman Khan lived extravagant lifestyle without a job .
Police found he was building his own Buckingham Palace in Pakistan .
Known as 'The General' in UK gangland and  jailed for four years last year .
Judge orders him to pay back £2.2m or face another ten years in jail .
Mario Balotelli missed Liverpool's clash at Blackburn due to illness .
The striker has no future at Anfield after Brendan Rodgers lost patience .
The Liverpool boss will concede he made a mistake in signing Balotelli .
READ: Robbie Savage brands Balotelli's absence at Blackburn 'pathetic'
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Xana Doyle was killed after Toyota Avensis flipped and landed on its roof .
Driver Sakhawat Ali took class A and B drugs before crashing stolen car .
Court heard the 23yearold was driving the vehicle at 'excessive speed'
Admits death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking .
Women's tennis stars attended opening ceremony of Porsche Grand Prix .
Maria Sharapova Caroline Wozniacki Sabine Lisicki Angelique Kerber and Ana Ivanovic were among the players on show .
With Serena Williams missing Simona Halep could overtake three times winner Sharapova as world No 2 .
Marli van Breda 16 suffered serious head injuries in January attack .
She was moved to a rehabilitation clinic after six weeks in hospital .
Now released Marli has no recollection of the horrendous ordeal .
But she can walk and talk  and her sense of humour is intact .
Parents and eldest brother were killed in axe attack at South African home .
Her other brother Henri escaped with light injuries and rang the police .
Henri has been kept away from sister over fears he may traumatise her .
The 22yearold apparently 'giggled' as he reported his family's murder .
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas .
The fight will be the biggest event in the history of boxing .
Mayweather took time out of training to pose for picture with Gladys Knight .
Pacquiao arrives in Las Vegas ahead of showdown with Mayweather .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather news .
Graffiti artists work through the night to repaint 30 telephone booths .
Latest in series of Baymaxthemed stunts as character craze sweeps China .
Artists wanted to help burnedout Beijing residents feel less stressed .
Poor visibility caused the pilot to make the decision to land the plane .
The aircraft suffered a damaged undercarriage due to the bumpy descent .
A helicopter came to rescue the trekkers and no one was harmed .
The former captain is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250000 for charity along with nine sportsmen and Royal Marines .
Governor David Ige said he hasn't decided if he will sign bill into law yet .
Bill has $10 fine for firsttime offenders increases to $50 for next offenses .
Similar bans exist in Hawaii County and New York City .
Bill's opponents say it would be unfair to allow people to join the military but prohibit them from smoking a cigarette because of their age .
Mehmet Oz is on staff at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons .
Dr Oz is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at the medical school .
Group of ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for Oz's dismissal .
Said there's no scientific proof his 'miracle' weightloss supplements work .
Columbia said it 'is committed to the principle of academic freedom'
University has not removed TV celebrity doctor from his faculty position .
AlQaeda linked networks have altered tactics since Snowden stole files .
He stole intelligence files from GCHQ and US National Security Agency .
He fled justice in US to Hong Kong then Russia where granted asylum .
Burnley host Tottenham  in the Barclays Premier League on Sunday .
Sam Vokes' only goal this season came against Spurs in the FA Cup .
Tottenham defender Ben Davies ready for Clarets test at Turf Moor .
Andrea Bradley and Glen Bates charged with aggravated murder in the beating death of their twoyearold daughter Glenara .
Glenara was brought to the hospital last month with bruises belt marks and bite marks a head injury and broken teeth .
Prosecutors say at the time of her death the toddler was weighing only 13lbs .
Coroner said it was the worst case of starvation she's even seen .
In her final days Glenara ate and slept in a bathtub filled with feces and blood .
Cobbles will be lifted from their current place cut in half and relaid again .
The paving stones run alongside the 19th century Bristol Floating Harbour .
Council tested technique on small area and had 'overwhelming' support .
Bristol Industrial Archaeological Society claim it will change appearance .
U.N. agency says 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in Horn of Africa asks ships in area to be vigilant .
WHO: At least 643 people have been killed more than 2000 injured in three weeks .
UNICEF: Aid includes medical supplies for up to 80000 people and more airlifts are planned .
A huge gas explosion ripped through farmhouse in Lincolnshire tearing down back wall and blowing out windows .
Susan House who lives in the home miraculously survived because she was out walking her dogs at the time .
Her father has owned the property for more than half a century and said it would have to be knocked down .
A bath tub can be seen teetering over the edge of what was once the upstairs bathroom at Bleak House Farm .
Lewis Hamilton held off the challenge from Nico Rosberg to win in China .
But Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes teammate after the Grand Prix .
German accused Hamilton of compromising his race by driving too slowly .
But Hamilton who leads the championship has denied any wrongdoing .
Hamilton is already 17 points clear of Rosberg in race for the F1 title .
Authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for an explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet .
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo New York .
Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes .
A photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a halfblock behind him and the manhole flew up .
An Australian bat has found an unlikely cure for his arthritis in a cup of tea .
The 22yearold bat picked up the taste while drinking from his owner's cup .
The rest of the 25 bats in the aviary have acquired a taste for the tea too .
While it may look like regular tea it is his own purposemade tea .
SNP leader said Ed Miliband had allowed himself to be 'kicked around'
The Scottish First Minister said the Labour leader needed to be 'bolder'
She said he had been pushed into ruling out a deal with the SNP by the PM .
Ms Sturgeon said the Labour leader would change his mind after May 7 .
Almost 16 million people in Yemen are in need of humanitarian aid according to U.N.
Planeload of aid supplies including food and medicine was flown in to Sanaa on Tuesday .
A rare ceasefire was negotiated to allow the plane to land briefly .
Vijay ChokalIngam claims he posed as a black man and was accepted into the St. Louis University School of Medicine in 1998 .
He decided he'd have a better chance of getting into medical school if he was black rather than an IndianAmerican man .
Tells of his experiences on his own blog Almost Black and criticizes affirmative action .
He claims he shaved his head trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students .
ChokalIngam says younger sister Mindy Kaling 'strongly disapproves' and his family 'does not agree with the book'
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields .
Came across range of graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles including Jaguar XK120 worth £82000 if restored .
Dieter 57 from Cologne first came across a Citroen truck dumped in a bush six years ago and became hooked .
Nathan Hughes accidentally knocked out George North during Northampton's 5230 victory against Wasps on March 27 .
The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches .
Hughes missed his side's Champions Cup defeat against Toulon .
It was North's third blow to the head in the space of two months .
The Welsh winger has been advised to take a month off from playing .
A mom of two got upset when "Big Hero 6" fabric didn't include the two female characters .
Another mom called attention to gender stereotypes on a TOMS Web page .
In both cases the companies responded quickly to answer parents' concerns .
Toddler Mikaeel Kular was killed by mother Rosdeep Adekoya last January .
She beat her son before dumping his body in a suitcase in woods in Fife .
Social workers had visited family on a number of ocassions before tragedy .
Report published today concluded they could not have predicted killing .
Ronnie O'Sullivan had to borrow pair of shoes from audience member .
The 39yearold played one frame in socks due to ankle discomfort .
O'Sullivan was breaking snooker etiquette in failing to wear smart shoes .
READ: Ding Junhui misses out on maximum break (and £30000)
Retiring jockey AP McCoy has vowed to never return to  professional riding .
The 40yearold rider said: ‘Shoot me if I ride professionally again'
Olympian Sir Steve Redgrave said similar phrase when he retired .
But Redgrave returned to claim Olympic gold four years later in Sydney .
Capital One became the first provider to scrap cashback for new customers .
It said new restrictions will squeeze profits and other firms may follow suit .
An EU cap limits the fees retailers can be charged for processing payments .
Perks 'no longer sustainable' after it starts in October Capital One has said .
Emerson Decarvalho 38 is charged with assault with a deadly weapon .
Cyclist pounded on his window screamed at him and pushed in his sideview mirror .
Inn will have 20 bedrooms and is to be completed to meet demand in 2016 .
It will sit in the Prince's village on a square named after the Queen Mother .
The model  village 'Poundbury' Dorset already has a Prince George House .
Will Hatton has travelled to about 50 countries in seven years and plans to make it to 100 by the time he is 30 .
The 26yearold backpacks hitchhikes and dumpsterdives in order to keep to his budget of US$100 each week .
He picks up odd jobs as he goes including goat herding in the Middle East .
His adventures have led him into tricky situations including being robbed at knife point and strip searched at gun point .
Royston Coates was jailed for 10 years for holding down a man while his friend stabbed him in a random attack .
But he has posted a series of photographs of himself on Facebook .
Social media account has now been shut down by prison authorities .
Comes a day after a convicted murderer was pictured partying with illegal alcohol in a film which he shared online .
Trailer 'embedded' into car windscreen in smash on A444 in Coventry .
Impact would have 'certainly been fatal' if a couple of inches closer to driver .
Paramedics were shocked when Marcin Wasniewski walked out unaided .
Turkish court imposed blocks as images of siege shared on social media .
Images 'deeply upset' wife and children of hostage Mehmet Selim Kiraz .
Prosecutor 46 died in hospital after hostages stormed a courthouse .
Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building .
Health apps such as MyFitnessPal ‘fuel anxiety’ says senior GP .
Dr Des Spence calls the health apps ‘untested and unscientific’
Defenders of apps say they are ‘encouraging healthy behaviour’
Gonzalo Higuain gave visitors the lead after 15 minutes with a smart finish .
There was a suspicion of handball as the Argentine brought the ball down .
Marek Hamsik doubled lead on 23 minutes Higuain the provider .
Slovakian midfielder added his second and Napoli's third in second half .
Manolo Gabbiadini added a fourth for visitors moments after coming on .
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled one back for the hosts .
Businessman has been cleared by Court of Session to become director .
Dave King hopes SFA will pass him to take role as Ibrox chairman .
King is the largest shareholder of the  former Scottish champions .
Hulk saw the premiere of the Avengers: Age of Ultron movie on Monday .
28yearold signed a new deal with Zenit St Petersburg in February .
Hulk has scored 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian club this term .
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for the visitors with his second goal in three games for the visiting side .
But Jonjo Shelvey converted from the spot in the second half after Seamus Coleman handled in the penalty area .
Shelvey had a goal ruled out by referee Michael Oliver after Leighton Baines was adjudged to have been fouled .
The 11 draw leaves Swansea eighth in the Premier League table with Roberto Martinez's men sitting in 12th .
Louis van Gaal cranked up the pressure on Man City after Aston Villa win .
Manchester United defeated Aston Villa 31 at Old Trafford on Saturday .
The Red Devils leapfrogged Manchester City to move up to third spot .
United have not recorded a home win against City since February 2011 .
A man has died after being crushed by a garbage truck in Melbourne .
The man was collecting garbage when the truck rolled and crushed him .
Another man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into trees in Melbourne's East on Friday .
Hannah Moore posted photos of her stretchmarks to Instagram to inspire .
The 20 year old suffered from marks after giving birth to twins last year .
Instagram then deleted Hannah from Broxburn West Lothian's account .
Gareth Bale has been chosen in the Football League Team of the Decade .
Eleven players and one manager picked as part of Awards 10th anniversary .
Ashley Williams Rickie Lambert and Adam Lallana are all included .
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe is picked as the manager of the side .
iPlayer listeners say the vital last minutes have been left off  radio dramas .
Shows such as Dad's Army and Hancock's Half Hour fallen foul of problem .
BBC blames system it uses to record programmes but it's not a new issue .
The last mammoths died out on an Arctic island around 4500 years ago .
Isolated on Wrangel Island for around 5000 years they became inbred .
Researchers found mammoth populations suffered declines in the past .
DNA sequencing also raises prospect of bringing mammoths back to life .
Remains dating to the 5th century were found in tomb in Hwangnamdong .
Show a man's bones on top of a woman's who was buried with jewellery .
Experts believe Silla Dynastyera tomb was built for a noblewoman and her lover or bodyguard was sacrificed and buried on top of her .
There's a suggestion that the setup may have been designed to show two people having sex  and the Silla were known for their explicit pottery .
Cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels .
The words 'Star Wars' in the movie's distinctive font adorn the body .
Designed in anticipation of the latest scheduled offering 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' in December .
An Iowa bulldog named Tank took home the crown Sunday at Drake University's annual 'Beautiful Bulldog Contest'
Tank beat out 49 other dogs in the 36th annual contest .
Tank will now serve as the mascot for the Drake Relays .
Leo Greene 39 of Salt Lake City crashed through airport fence on Monday .
Police tried to stop the car with its bumper hanging before the chase .
Greene was asked for his keys when he drove off and crashed into fences .
He jumped out of his car and ran to a shed before being forced to ground .
Greene faces multiple charges including driving under the influence fleeing and resisting he is also also being booked for property damage .
Fence damages are estimated at $4500 .
The fast food chain will pay a dollar over minimum wage at its companyowned restaurants .
The pay hike will not affect franchise restaurants which account for 90 percent of McDonald's locations .
The company was targeted in protests last year with fast food workers demonstrating for a union and a $15 an hour wage .
Serge Gnabry impressed for Arsenal last season before suffering injury .
Midfielder has been out for more than a year after with serious knee injury .
Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal development squad on Monday .
Germany Under 21 international says he is feeling 'better and better'
READ: Arsenal have doubts over signing Liverpool star Raheem Sterling .
Bill and Denise Richard wrote an oped opposing the death penalty for Tsarnaev in the Boston Globe on Thursday .
The parents of 8yearold Martin Richard the youngest bombing victim say they can only begin to move on once Tsarnaev's legal battle is over .
They want prosecutors to sign a plea deal sending Tsarnaev to prison for the rest of his life and forfeiting his right to appeal .
Last week Tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts related to the April 15 2013 bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line .
Next week starts the penalty phase of the trial in which jurors will decide Tsarnaev's sentence .
Luis Suarez was Liverpool's player of last season .
But who would earn that accolade this year? Jordan Henderson has many backers as does Coutinho .
Several among them Emre Can and Raheem Sterling have shone in parts .
There have been lots of adequate contributions but there hasn't been anywhere near enough consistency .
If Liverpool are going to clamber into the top four and win the FA Cup much will depend on the little Brazilian .
Qatar's Supreme Committee unveil new 40000seat stadium for World Cup .
The Al Rayyan Stadium is fifth 2022 venue and will be completed in 2019 .
Stadium features 'cooling technology' for fans' and players' comfort .
Floyd Mayweather 'loves his snacks' according to 'Chef Q'
The boxer keeps his training camp stocked with sweets for 'snack day'
Chef reveals Mayweather's favourite snack is Twizzlers as she spends over £200 on the champion's sweettooth .
Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in muchanticipated fight on May 2 .
Enid Hatch found blood splattered walls after going to look for her husband .
He had been beaten with a claw hammer by a crazed pensioner neighbour .
Alan Rogers sentenced under Mental Health Act and may never be released .
Mrs Hatch's sister Betty was murdered in 1971 by mental health absconder .
Manchester United have six explayers in Champions League semifinals .
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid .
Paul Pogba Carlos Tevez and Patrice Evra play for Italian side Juventus .
Cristiano Ronaldo set up Hernandez's goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday .
Barcelona's Gerard Pique helped keep out Paris SaintGermain .
Hernandez was the hero for Madrid but he will need to find a new home .
Japanese researchers studied ancient stone weapons created by humans .
They were no more effective than Neanderthalcreated tools of same era .
Suggests humans and Neanderthals may not have behaved that differently .
Contradicts theory that human hunting led to the demise of Neanderthals .
John Terry has yet again impressed in the heart of Chelsea's defence .
Jose Mourinho should be given credit for trusting the 34yearold .
Manchester City won but is boss Manual Pellegrini still under pressure?
Struggling QPR and Burnley could be left to rue their huge penalty misses .
Mourinho: Hazard is worth £100m for each leg PLUS Cristiano Ronaldo .
Paul Nungesser was accused of raping former friend Emma Sulkowicz .
The case attracted international attention as she paraded her mattress everywhere she went in protest calling for Nungesser's indictment .
A judge threw out the case which branded Nungesser a 'serial rapist'
He is now suing the school for failing to protect him from backlash .
Nungesser who is German says the school presented the claims as fact .
Five staff members sustained injuries after breaking into the Super Slide .
The Easter Show ride was closed earlier that night due to safety concerns .
Officials say the slide runs 'way too fast' in the wet weather .
One woman broke a leg while a second woman broke both her legs .
A 60yearold man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding .
The slide reopened once rain stopped and a safety check was completed .
An author says "Avengers" director Joss Whedon and "Cabin" director Drew Goddard stole his idea .
Peter Gallagher alleges similarities to his "The Little White Trip: A Night In the Pines" from 2006 .
Former Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students .
One victim testified that he considered married teacher to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst .
Two of the boys have filed lawsuits against school district for failing to fire Altice .
Each criminal count against teacher carries 1 to 15 years in prison .
Miliband says there's 'nothing more British than dream of homeownership'
Stamp duty cut would save firsttime buyers up to £5000 on cost of buying .
Labour would also ensure new homes go to local people with law change .
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight is accused of murder in a videotaped hitandrun .
Judge declines to reduce his bail from $10 million .
Labour leader described himself as a 'Jewish atheist' on visit to Jerusalem .
Campaign tour stopped off at Praise House Community Church in Croydon .
Miliband vows to do everything he can to protect religious freedom .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings blocked a goalbound shot from Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths with his hand during the Scottish Cup semifinal .
No penalty or red card was given for the offence and Celtic lost 32 .
Celtic have complained in writing to the SFA following the incident .
Former striker Chris Sutton feels more should be done to hold officials to account over poor decisions .
Her body was discovered by hotel staff face down in bath .
Believed Charmain Adusah had been dead for four days when found .
Selfproclaimed prophet accused of leaving hotel in a hurry .
She was pregnant and had son eight from previous marriage .
The slow motion footage was captured in Santa Barbara California .
Scott Kaiser videoed the bird sitting on a post overlooking the water .
Pelican yawns exposing its beak size tongue and inner bill anatomy .
The young boy's face appeared on milk cartons all across the United States .
Patz's case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children .
Pedro Hernandez confessed three years ago to the 1979 killing in .
Former Arsenal defender impressed by Chilean star's debut season .
Says Sanchez would be close to winning a place in best Gunners teams .
Arsenal are second in Premier League after eightmatch winning run .
They also face Reading this Saturday in semifinals of FA Cup .
READ: Arsenal have doubts over signing Liverpool star Sterling .
Graeme Dott had to play three bestof19frame matches to qualify .
He overcame Ricky Walden 108 in firstround Crucible clash .
But former world champion fears exhaustion will ruin his bid for 2015 title .
Meanwhile John Higgins impressed with a 105 victory over Robert Milkins .
Crystal Palace host Manchester City on Monday Night Football .
Eagles boss Alan Pardew refuses to write off City's title chances .
Palace have no new injury concerns ahead of the Selhurst Park clash .
Andre Blackman fled from Harrods after stealing jacket from store .
The 24yearold has been told he is surplus to requirements at Blackpool .
Blackman said the incident was 'just a moment of madness'
The defender played for both Arsenal and Tottenham during youth career .
Roy Keane pleads not guilty to committing a public order offence .
He is alleged to have been involved in a roadrage incident with taxi driver .
Keane is accused of causing harassment alarm or distress to the driver .
He will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19 .
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county .
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox who come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of fans .
The New York Mets and Oakland Athletics did not win one single county .
The bunker in Chislehurst was built as a place for government officials to flee to as the Cold War intensified in 1951 .
The site was chosen due to the wooded area surrounding it but in the following years the house fell into disrepair .
Has now been transformed into a £3million luxury home boasting five bedrooms a swimming pool and glass atrium .
Manchester United host rivals Manchester City in the league on Sunday .
United last beat City in the derby at home came in a 21 win four years ago .
United sit above City in the table after having played the same amount of league matches for the first time since November 2013 .
United can move four points clear of their 'noisy neighbours' with victory .
John Thurston started building the bizarre vessel while getting divorced .
He took the hull of a catamaran and placed the caravan on top .
The 80yearold enjoys cruising up and down the River Swale in Kent .
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg on Saturday .
The former Chelsea forward admitted it was 'eating away' at him .
Schurrle joined German club Wolfsburg from Chelsea in February .
North Carolina political alsoran also called Rep. Renee Ellmers an 'idiot'
Aiken also placed second on the second season of American Idol .
Ellmers' spokeswoman says his 'crude language' shows 'why he is a runnerup'
Entertainer also vented about finding gay lovers in New York City and claimed he has slept with at least one fellow celebrity .
Promised to run for office again 'within the next decade'
A company called UltraHaptics has developed a technology to create 3D shapes in midair .
A tactile sensation is provided by ultrasonic waves which alter air pressure .
The technology could be applied to electronic devices car dashboards and virtual reality headsets .
Sponge Bobby was found with breathing difficulties in November .
The sixmonthold female seal was released into the wild in March .
Experts believe she was struck by a boat or a jetski off Dorset the coast .
The young seal had travelled more than 200 miles since her March release .
Steven Naismith has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool .
28yearold has given back to communities that have supported him .
Everton forward teamed up with Job Centre Plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club this season .
Putin to spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television .
Sanctions and Russia's deep economic crisis likely to be a major theme .
Critics of the Kremlin slam event as Russia's imitation of democracy in action .
Nico Rosberg was the last driver out of the pitlane and was forced to turn in a quicker outlap than he would have liked ahead of his final shot at pole .
The German narrowly missed out  to his teammate Lewis Hamilton .
Rosberg was just 0.042secs slower than his Mercedes rival .
Rosberg also said: 'Oh come on guys' over the team radio after he was informed he'd missed out on pole for tomorrow's Chinese Grand Prix .
Penny Wong's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth in Adelaide on Friday .
Labor senator shared news of baby Hannah's arrival with Twitter followers .
It is the second child for the couple who welcomed Alexandra in 2011 .
Hannah and Alexandra were both conceived by the same sperm donor .
EXCLUSIVE: Punters  backing the Tories to finish as largest party .
Twice as many bets are being placed on the Tories to win over Labour .
One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10000 on the Tories .
General election set to be the first to break the £100million betting barrier .
Film leaked of Raheem Sterling inhaling nitrous oxide just a day after he was pictured smoking shisha .
Sterling put Liverpool 10 up after just nine minutes at Anfield before missing easy chance in second half .
Referee Lee Mason missed what pundit Gary Neville described as a 'blatant penalty' for Newcastle's Ayoze Perez .
Welsh midfielder Joe Allen then scored his first goal at Anfield to put Liverpool 20 up after 70 minutes .
France midfielder Moussa Sissoko sent off late on for two bookable offences .
Result moves Liverpool up to within four points of Manchester City in fourth and is Newcastle's fifth defeat in a row .
Jose Mourinho said he is proud to work with underprivileged people .
He claimed that he never discusses footballing issues with his wife .
In a wideranging interview he said he is a deeply religious person .
He also claims that he is essentially a 'very good person' despite his antics .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Chloe Knapton 21 was attacked when man smashed down her car window .
She had surgery after glass was left embedded in her neck after the attack .
Attack happened while she was driving her car but had stopped in the road .
Andrew Shires 37 from Holmfirth West Yorkshire is charged with wounding .
Andrew Shires 37 from Holmfirth has appeared at Kirklees Magistrates' Court charged with wounding the woman. He was remanded in custody until his next appearance at Leeds Crown Court on May 5.
Monster dessert served at The Wicked Waffle in North End Portsmouth .
Customers who clear their plate within 45 minutes get the pudding for free .
So far only two people have managed to finish the enormous dish .
Ohio Gov. John Kasich: Washington is gridlocked but states can make a difference .
He says Ohio has gone from a budget deficit to surplus from losing jobs to creating them .
Fabian Orellana was angered by Sergio Busquets' timewasting tactics .
The Celta Vigo striker threw lump of turf towards the Barca midfielder .
Orellana will now serve a onematch ban for his antics and will miss Celta's next game against Grenada on Wednesday .
Former child star was nominated for the office by Richard Nixon in 1969 and the FBI was called in to check she was suitable .
File reveals agents went to huge lengths to question those who knew her about her  Republican  political views and those of husband Charles Black .
Her first husband John Agar told agents she was 'untrustworthy'  unlike thenCalifornia Governor Reagan who strongly backed her .
Temple died in February 2014 aged 85 and her 417page FBI file was obtained by Daily Mail Online under Freedom of Information Act rules .
Samsung previously relied on other firms to make its chips .
Firm now using its own processor modem and power supply chips .
Three of the convicted bomber's family members said they believe Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was the victim of a conspiracy .
An uncle said 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded .
Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts  17 of them carrying the death penalty .
The death penalty phase of his trial begins on April 21 .
Jon Stewart announced the date of his final show live on air joking he would 'wear a suit and shower'
'I live in a constant state of depression. I think of us as turd miners' he said .
Stewart also confessed that his 'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent .
Comedian said he didn't have many regrets but one was not pushing Donald Rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 .
Chris Byrnarsky was shot and killed in his custom detail shop in 2006 .
His friend finished the bumper Brynarsky was working on and wrote an inscription on the inside of it before putting it back on the car .
Brynarsky's father John was working on a car in his body shop when he removed the bumper and found a message dedicated to his fallen son .
The 22yearold teamed up with the Flatiron School in New York to offer 20 girls free tuition to a twoweek software engineering program .
Karlie attended the course last year and was inspired to share her experience with young girls across the country .
The model gave $20000 of her own money to create the scholarship with the Flatiron School matching her donation .
Chelsea have a successful academy playing in the FA Youth Cup final .
But as yet there have been few graduates into the Blues firstteam side .
Jose Mourinho has pledged to bring players through but issued a warning .
Portuguese coach says he cannot absorb all young players into his squad .
Ruben LoftusCheek has been promised a chance plus two to four more .
Chelsea recruit youth from around the world for profit and their squad .
People who have never been divorced can expect an extra £2100 a year .
Survey found one in five divorcees who stop work this year will have debts .
Debt of divorced retiree averages at £22100 according to Prudential report .
Sales of Islamic books in France three times higher in first quarter of 2015 .
Increase coincides with the deadly Paris terror attacks where 17 were killed .
Publisher specialising in Islamic books says sales have shot up by 30% .
Company says same thing happened in the wake of the September 11 attacks .
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the competition's Player of the Month award .
Working with rugby dedicated newspaper League Weekly a shortlist of players will be drawn up each month for fans to vote on via Facebook .
Voters will be entered into a prize draw with one lucky supporter being given the opportunity to present the award to the winning player .
Digital artist Anil Saxena from Mumbai creates surreal images out of pictures of the natural world .
Uses Photoshop to turn pictures into flights of fancy that make viewers question what they're seeing .
Whimsical surreal shots created thanks to painstaking doctoring using image editing software .
British No 1 defeated Dominic Thiem in Miami Open quarter finals .
Andy Murray celebrated his 500th career win in the previous round .
Third seed will play the winner of Tomas Berdych and Juan Monaco in the semi finals of the ATP Masters 1000 event in Key Biscayne .
Natalie Fuller 28 stepped in front of a train in Baltimore last month .
Mother Doris shared an account of her life this week in heartfelt article .
Told how she was diagnosed with psychosis and bipolar disorder aged 22 .
Pair wrote bestselling book Promise You Won’t Freak Out in 2004 .
Featured nationally on network news and was featured on Oprah .
Adam Lyons 34 from East London is in a relationship with two women .
His girlfriends Brooke 26 and Jane 25 say they do not 'share' him .
They are all in love with one another .
Trio appeared on today's This Morning to explain why relationship works .
Former prison guard claims fights between inmates are organised by staff .
Peter Hiett 49 said staff would put rivals in a cell and let them battle it out .
Said gangs also control full wings at Feltham Young Offenders Institution .
Feltham named as the most violent prison in England and Wales last year .
The New Jersey parents are divorced and share custody of their three kids .
Father claimed his ex 'abused her parental discretion' by taking daughter to see Pink in December 2013 in Newark .
Judge ruled that while the singer can be suggestive her works are not inappropriate for a preteen .
Foot Locker have released new Manny Pacquiao advert ahead of fight .
The Filipino jokes about not knowing if bout against Mayweather is on .
Pacquiao previously starred in advert where he acted as if fight against Mayweather was on before official contract was signed in February .
READ: Mayweather vs Pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .
Newcastle boss John Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against Sunderland in the WearTyne Derby .
Carver has been part of the coaching staff for previous Newcastle managers Alan Pardew Sir Bobby Robson and Ruud Gullit .
He was Gullit's assistant when Newcastle were beaten 21 by Sunderland after the Dutchman benched  Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson .
Carver insists that he will not make the same mistakes as his predecessor .
A Sydney woman has put up posters to find the man who lent his umbrella .
MissieSmile21 is 'actively looking' for the man with 'most beautiful smile'
The gentleman helped her cross a road during Tuesday nights' downpour .
Billy Vunipola was citied on Monday night for an alleged butt .
The Saracens No 8 will face an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday .
Toulon are plotting a move for Australia flyhalf Quade Cooper .
400 extra officers drafted in by the British Transport Police this weekend .
Rivals Manchester United Liverpool and Leeds will all be in London .
United face Chelsea and Leeds travel to Charlton Athletic on Saturday .
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semifinal at Wembley Stadium .
Two months after announcing he is leaving Stewart has revealed that he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news .
'I live in a constant state of depression. I think of us as turd miners' he said .
Stewart also confessed that his 'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent .
Comedian said he didn't have many regrets but one was not pushing Donald Rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 .
Newcastle hope to avoid third defeat in a row when they face Sunderland .
Papiss Cisse has scored 11 Premier League goals this season .
10 of those have been decisive and the Magpies would be in the relegation zone behind Sunderland without his goals .
ISIS says it controls several buildings at the Baiji oil refinery .
Iraqi government security officials say Iraqi forces remain in full control .
The refinery Iraq's largest has long been a lucrative target for militants .
Alec Stewart admits he would happily consider a role within ECB .
England would need permission from Surrey before contacting Stewart .
Ex wicketkeeperbatsman claims it would be silly not to listen to an offer .
A Native American from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers .
An IRS accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic Sikh knife to work .
A group of Chicago pastors takes on City Hall over its permits for new churches and loses .
Utility back Francis Saili will join up with Munster later this year .
The New Zealand international has signed a twoyear contract .
Saili made his debut for the All Blacks against Argentina in 2013 .
Kim Pappas did not tell anybody she was pregnant before giving birth .
She gave birth standing up in bathroom at Ceva Logistics in Michigan .
Cut umbilical cord with cuticle scissors wrapped baby in plastic bag put that in a tote bag then returned to her desk and put it in a drawer .
Coworkers had heard moaning then saw blood on restroom floor .
They spotted blood on Pappas then found the baby dead in the drawer .
She claimed she had a miscarriage but autopsy shows suffocation .
Pappas faces charges of premeditated murder and child abuse denied bail .
After going through checkin Nguyen Thi Hang stopped before boarding .
VietJet Air employee believed her luggage would weigh more than 7kg .
After putting case on scales woman slapped airport worker .
Kim Bokdong is determined to share her story of sexual slavery until she's no longer physically able .
Kim was held prisoner by the Japanese military in a "comfort station" for five years raped ceaselessly .
She says she won't rest until she receives a formal apology from the Japanese government .
Rhodri Giggs 37 lost his driving licence under a 'totting up' procedure .
Came after he was found guilty of driving a Mercedes without insurance .
Banned from driving for 6 months as he already has speeding convictions .
Giggs recently spoke for the first time about his brother Ryan's affair with his former wife .
Vinnie Jones will accompany Josh Warrington into the ring on Saturday .
Warrington is a Leeds fan and Jones spent a season at the club in 1989/90 .
He will follow Justin Bieber Puff Daddy and the Gallagher brothers .
They have walked in boxers like Floyd Mayweather and Ricky Hatton .
Albino men and women continue to be hunted for their body parts in Africa .
Malawi police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos .
Tanzania PM previously urged citizens to kill those caught with body parts .
In nearby Burundi youngsters are being housed in special accommodation .
Daniel Morcombe's killer could be freed early because of judge's 'bias'
Lawyer's for Brett Peter Cowan demand chief justice removed from appeal .
Claim judge Tim Carmody had a friendship child protection advocate .
Daniel 13 went missing in December 2013 after Cowan abducted him .
Cowan was found guilty and sentenced to life in prison in March last year .
A Europewide survey of 19000 people revealed that the more a country paid to the unemployed the more likely its residents were to want a job .
Norway pays the highest benefits and almost 80% of people wanted a job .
By contrast in Estonia one of least generous only around 40 per cent did .
Andy Murray is getting married to Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday .
British No 1 looked a little apprehensive at the wedding rehearsal .
Former Wimbledon champion is set to jet off after the wedding to take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman .
The mutilated body of Violet Price discovered in two different locations .
Mrs Price an 80yearold British expat went missing late on Saturday .
French police say they have arrested 32yearold man known to her .
Prosecutors said he led them to the location of her body in two areas .
Rekha Nagvanshi was angered that her inlaws interfered in her marriage .
They had stopped her husband from doing chores around the marital home .
She then began urinating in the teapot from which she served them tea .
But she was caught when her motherinlaw found her squatting over  pot .
A woman discovered a tree snake curled up inside a shopping trolley .
Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to the rescue at Coles Caboolture .
When he arrived he managed to untangle the snake from the trolley .
He safely released it back into the bushland just kilometres away .
Mr Gilbert also gave Daily Mail readers his top tips to avoid getting bitten .
Charlie Bothuell now 13 was discovered in Detroit basement last June .
Blanket cereal box and a bowl of chicken bones were in room with him .
On Tuesday Charlie testified in court against his father and stepmother .
Said home was 'very terrible place to be' where he was regularly beaten .
Claimed he was tormented with workouts and isolated from other kids .
He attempted suicide in bid to escape abusive conditions he told court .
It is first time Charlie has spoken publicly since he was found by police .
Hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send the youngster's father and stepmother to trial for 'torture and child abuse'
Manchester City have apologised to supporters and promised refunds .
300 fans affected after six coaches were delayed and they missed kickoff .
The move is likely to cost the Premier League champions around £12000 .
City lost the game at Palace 21 to seemingly end their title aspirations .
Thousands of the jellyfishlike creatures known as velella velella are covering beaches across Oregon California and Washington .
The creatures have small sails on their bodies which means they are easily blown towards the shore during strong winds this time of year .
They are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell as they rot .
Messenger is expected to hit the surface of Mercury on April 30 .
Probe has been orbiting Mercury since 2011 taking 250000 pictures .
Latest image shows features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters .
Motheroftwo Jemma Peacock 31 has a rare form of stomach cancer .
NHS England has refused funding for a drug which could prolong her life .
Mrs Peacock accused health service of denying her daughters their mother .
Drug would cost the NHS £1000 a week to provide and mother cannot afford to pay for it privately .
Agnese Klavina 30 vanished after being driven away from a Spanish club .
Older sister Gunta made a video appeal for information on her whereabouts .
Brits Westley Capper and Craig Porter were summoned to court on Monday .
Manchester United are currently third in the Premier League standings .
United are 11 points behind league leaders Chelsea with four games left .
United finished seventh last season  their lowest in the Premier League era .
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door .
After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps Boomer appears resting in the same position .
John McGinn will miss the rest of the season after the incident in training .
Steven Thompson threw a pole towards McGinn after losing possession .
The pole stabbed McGinn in the leg leaving him needing hospital attention .
Thompson says 'blood started pouring out of the hole' in McGinn's leg .
St Mirren captain is believed to have given his goal bonus to McGinn .
Active ingredients in creams were found to cure multiple sclerosis (MS)
They prompted stem cells to reverse the nerve damage caused by MS .
Cells regenerated myelin the coating around nerve fibres that MS destroys .
Team is looking for ways the creams can be safely used as treaments .
Lib Dem leader's wife takes swipe at party he shared power with since 2010 .
She said she had been 'religiously paying taxes' in the UK for 10 years .
Lawyer is banned from voting on May 7 because she was born in Spain .
Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling Cameron .
The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop is a threepart BBC programme on KFC .
Viewers unleash a barrage of negative comments after yesterday's episode .
Programme showed how chicken burger is prepared for cameras .
KFC has 860 stores nationwide and serves 22 million customers a year .
In Traustein Germany hundreds of horse riders dressed in traditional costume take place in an Easter parade .
The processional known as the Georgiritt sees participants head to a local church where they will be blessed .
In Central Europe men douse women with buckets of water as part of their Easter Monday celebrations .
Liverpool take on Aston Villa on Sunday for a place in the FA Cup final .
Brendan Rodgers is leading Liverpool at Wembley for the first time .
The manager wants to ingrain a trophywinning habit into his players .
Unnamed man was found dead from an apparent selfinflicted wound around 5 p.m. on Sunday .
Incident happened near the buffet at the M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson Nevada .
Witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his saltandpepper hair .
A car fire was reported at the same time in the parking garage and police are investigating if the two incidents are related .
Gambian footballer Baboucarr Ceesay 21 died seeking new life in the UK .
Aunt Jessica Sey from Cheltenham outraged at treatment by smugglers .
She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals'
Mr Ceesay understood to have been locked in hold when vessel sank .
Man was trapped in stormwater drain in Meadowbank in Sydney's west .
It took an hour to rescue him using ropes and ladders .
It's unknown how the man ended up stuck in the twometre deep drain .
Prince Harry visited one of the most remote areas in the world as part of his tour with the Australian Army .
Captain Wales spent time with locals in the Wuggubun community some 600 miles from Darwin the nearest city .
Locals who were thrilled to spend time with Harry said he just 'rocked up' and that he is a 'delightful chap'
30yearold has been in Australia since Monday and will stay for a month before retiring from the British Army .
Citizen captured sandstorm sweeping its way through part of the state .
Sandstorm caused delays to  flights and forced schools to shut .
Car crashes and respiratory problems were also reported last week .
Strong winds were behind large sand clouds obscuring Dubai's skyline .
Europcar started a campaign to show how incredible the drive is to Scotland's Isle of Skye .
The location is only accessible by bus or private car and the company enlisted the help of prolific Instagrammers .
Eight photographers from Denmark and Scotland embarked on an incredible roadtrip .
They used the hashtag #MovingSkyewards so others could join in on celebrating the picturesque area .
Together the photographers have over a million followers on the social media site .
Harvey Boulter revealed former defence secretary took a friend abroad .
He is now giving money to the opposition of Tom Tugendhat .
Friends of Tuti Yusupova claim she was born in Uzbekistan in 1880 .
Officials believe her birth certificate and passport can prove her age .
They have asked the Guinness Book of Records to update their figures .
The previous record holder Jeanne Calment was 122 when she died .
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point Maine have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues .
I Am Jazz is about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender .
Officials at the school have since apologized to parents .
Allyn Hutton the superintendent of the local district admitted that parents should have been first notified .
There are many different ice cream makers  from budget brand to retro .
Best rated machine is the Chill Factor Ice Cream Maker from John Lewis .
Prices range from as little as £12.99 to a luxury one for £349.99 .
Kay Hafford was shot in the head after a confrontation with an angry driver .
She survived the shooting on North Freeway in Houston and called 911 .
Hafford has faced Dietrich Evans who was arrested on suspicion of attack .
Charli from Queensland Australia has turned CharlisCraftyKitchen into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years .
The channels earns an average of 29 million views per month .
Charli’s fiveyearold sister Ashlee also stars in the howto cooking clips .
One of their most popular videos which demonstrates how to make Frozenthemed popsicles has received 57 million views in less than a year .
Everyone knows freezing is a great way of preserving different foods .
But there are a few types of food you may not have thought of freezing .
Here Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our foods to the frozen test .
Collette Dinnigan's Paddington $6 million home has hit the market .
She and her husband Bradley Cocks paid $4.45 million for it back in 2009 .
The luxury house will go under the hammer on May 23 .
The fourbedroom twostorey sandstone property was built in 1880 .
The fashionista and her husband have carefully renovated the property .
The world famous studios have never before been open to the public .
But in a Google first the web giant has made an app with a virtual tour .
Includes archived Beatles photos and music videos of stars at the studio .
Users navigate round in the same way that Google Street View works .
Eightyearold boy was hospitalised after being suffocated during 'game'
In it child's nose and mouth are held shut by another until they pass out .
Police in Manchester are warning that 'sleeper' prank is potentially fatal .
Councillor says craze must be stopped before 'we have a terrible tragedy'
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by the mothering hen .
As the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes .
"Out of sight out of mind" doesn't apply to communities along the Gulf of Mexico Philippe Cousteau says .
We must take the time and effort needed to understand our natural resources he says .
He says our understanding of how the Gulf works remains limited .
Bournemouth lead the Championship table in bid for promotion .
Eddie Howe is hoping fans can inspire Cherries to reach Premier League .
Norwich play Middlesbrough in a top of the table clash on Friday .
Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic is not looking beyond Birmingham clash .
Derby Ipswich Brentford and Wolves are in the hunt for a playoff place .
Denise Chiffon Berry 44 was driving in Hawthorne California with her unidentified 12yearold son on Wednesday .
Around 12:30pm her son saw a man riding in a Cadillac with his feet handing out the window and the two laughed at the scene .
When the Cadillac began following their vehicle Ms Berry pulled over to ask a police officer for help .
That's when Raymond Washington who was in the front passenger seat got out of the Cadillac and started shooting at Ms Berry and her son .
Ms Berry died at her scene while her son survived Washington was shot dead by the police officer helping the mother and son .
Washington 38 was a fatheroftwo and had a previous felony conviction .
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter .
It was found to lag behind the galaxy it was associated with .
This suggests dark matter particles can selfinteract and slow down .
It means dark matter may not be as oblivious to our universe as we thought .
Everton defender Leighton Baines plays the guitar and is a big music fan .
He was less than impressed after listening to some of today's pop tunes .
Baines admits he doesn't know any One Direction songs .
England international is friends with rockers Miles Kane and Alex Turner .
The prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray on April 12 in Baltimore says Gray was trying to hurt himself .
Prisoner's statement to investigators was part of an affidavit obtained Wednesday by the Washington Post .
Gray was arrested on April 12 for carrying a switchblade and transported to the hospital shortly after arriving at jail .
He died a week later from spinal injuries how he received the fatal trauma is still under investigation .
The fellow prisoner's statement is the first detail released about what happened during the ride .
Report was released as family member of one of the six suspended police officers came forward to defend the cop .
The anonymous relatives says she believes Gray was injured before he was put in the van and that not all six officers are to blame .
Kevin Pietersen has made a return to county cricket with Surrey .
The 34yearold is determined to make a comeback for England .
Paul Downton was axed as managing director of English cricket .
Pietersen's Surrey teammate Chris Tremlett back him to return .
Kylie Leuluai needs surgery on his shoulder .
Veteran Leeds prop facing the prospect of another six weeks out .
The 37yearold New Zealander has not played since last month .
Images were taken at the dawn of photography by Hugh Owen and give a glimpse of how the city looked in 1850 .
They are being put up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow and are expected to fetch between £20000£30000 .
The unique pictures provide a rare chance to see what Bristol looked like before it was heavily bombed in the war .
Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for Leeds .
Warrington registered tries through Gene Ormsby Joel Monaghan Ashton Sims Ben Currie and Roy Asotasi .
Leeds replied with Kallum Watkins and Mitch Achurch .
Nigel Benn and Ricky Hatton returned to the ring for a spot of pad work .
The 'Dark Destroyer' shows he still has what it takes with a series of hits .
He returned from Australia to meet up with Hatton at his Manchester gym .
Benn is hoping Hatton will train his son ahead of 2016 Olympic campaign .
Singer Melissa Plancarte broke into a court to film her new music video .
She's the daughter of Mexican drugs lord Enrique Plancarte who died in a shoot out with the Navy .
His murderous cartel hanged victims by their necks on motorway bridges .
Plancarte who has three pet tigers posts pictures of her 'bling' life online .
Researchers used computer models to study how Neanderthal populations would have fared if they did not use fire to cook and modern humans did .
They found cooking would have increased the number of calories available .
Evidence for Neanderthals using fire is patchy and not all may have done it .
Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .
But where there is the restrictive rule of law journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom .
From China to Malaysia journalists and bloggers have been jailed  even killed .
Jade and Ross Morley released a video to explain to their friends and family that their first child FloydHenry had Achondroplasia dwarfism .
The couple said he would be a 'little legend' and he was 'small that's all'
The video was shared to social media and went viral around the world .
Jade and Ross have now welcomed twins Cleo and Harrison into their family making Floyd a big brother and the Morley household very busy .
The Morley's are passionate about raising awareness about Achondroplasia and making the world a 'kinder place' for Floyd .
Catherine Smith 50 was arrested Tuesday at a bar in Macon Georgia .
After winning Smith's home in an auction the new owner came to check out the property that day and found a dead dog just inside the doorway .
Police went on to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats in the home which had a strong stench of ammonia .
Officials believe the animals had been dead for months .
Smith previously worked at MaconBibb Animal Welfare in 2012 but was fired after two months for undisclosed reasons .
She appeared in court for the first time Wednesday to face 13 counts of animal cruelty and is now free on bail .
Recycled rubber Merfin designed by Australian freediver Kazzie Mahina .
Mahina 37 spent years designing the first prototype of the monofin .
The fin has an easyrelease ankle strap and comes in adult and kid sizes .
UK stockist says the product has been 'very popular' in recent months .
Django GreenblattSeay 33 thought the ad would help his post stand out and 'add a little flair to it'
Commercial includes cinematic overhead shots GreenblattSeay filmed using his drone .
It is soundtracked with an oldfashioned 1987 Ford Taurus commercial and dubbed by GreenblattSeay to make the information relevant .
Jordan Henderson struggled being played as a wing back for Liverpool .
John O'Shea captained Sunderland to a crucial 10 win over Newcastle .
Loic Remy got a fifth Premier League goal in only 456 minutes this season .
Alan Pardew's side scored secondhalf treble within five minutes to secure the three points .
Glenn Murray fired the Eagles ahead with his sixth goal in as many matches for the away side .
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie scored a hattrick to keep Sunderland in relegation trouble .
Connor Wickham scored a late consolation for the home side who remain just three points clear of safety .
For those who weren't disconnected only 40percent actually got through .
Many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said Wednesday .
He blamed budget cuts approved by Congress for the phone problems .
The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010 .
Levar Jones was shot and wounded by police officer in Columbia South Carolina when he was stopped and told to produce a license .
He reached for his wallet and state trooper Sean Groubert opened fire hitting him in the stomach .
Jones writhed in agony on the ground and said: 'Why was I shot?' as the officer accused him of a seatbelt violation .
Jones tells Daily Mail Online Walter Scott's death should force rethink of police procedures with new nonlethal methods favored .
Cop was sacked and charged with felony assault and faces maximum 20 year sentence if guilty .
The moon skimmed across the Earth's shadow on Saturday reflecting the red glare of the sun .
It was the shortest lunar eclipse this century with 'totality' only visible for five minutes .
Saturday is Record Store Day celebrated at music stores around the world .
Many stores will host live performances drawings and special sales of rare vinyl .
The taxpayerfunded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program currently provides payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four .
The list of don'ts included by the Republicandominated Kansas Legislature in a bill that GOP Gov. Sam Brownback planned to sign Thursday  runs to several dozen items .
The number of cash assistance recipients in Kansas has dropped 63per cent since Brownback took office to about 14700 in February .
Brownback said the decline confirms the success of his policies but critics note that U.S. Census Bureau figures show the state's child poverty rate remaining at about 19per cent through 2013 .
Jonathan Brownlee won the second race of the ITU season in Auckland .
Brownlee also prevailed in Australia seeing off Mario Mola by 19 seconds .
His brother Alistair is expected back from injury in Cape Town on April 25 .
Schoolboy Xiao Gao 11 drank water spiked with perfume and chalk dust .
He has not spoken since the prank which went wrong five days ago .
Doctors can't explain sudden voice loss and think it may be psychological .
Cylvia Hayes allegedly used her relationship with disgraced Governor John Kitzhaber to land contracts for her business .
Emails show she routinely attended meetings and was copied in on emails among senior staff .
Also requested information and clerical assistance from state employees .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 42 at Old Trafford .
Win moved United four points clear of their crosstown rivals .
City went from joint top on New Year's Day to 12 points behind Chelsea .
Marouane Fellaini continues his rebirth in the last few weeks .
Michael van Gerwen booked place in next month's playoffs .
The Dutchman beat James Wade 70 in Betway Premier League in Cardiff .
He was beaten 75 by Gary Anderson in the night's finale .
Daisy Goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19 .
She says she's suffered with the itchy parasites at least 100 times .
A nit is the egg sac laid by female lice on human hair shafts .
Purvi Patel 33 purchased two abortion pills online from Hong Kong .
She gave birth at her home in Granger Indiana in July 2013 .
Forensic pathologists claimed the child was still alive when it was born .
Prosecutors urged judge Elizabeth Hurley to hand down a 40 year jail term .
David Tungate 58 from Norwich is engaged to a 30 year old from Gambia .
He has already been married three times  twice to Gambian women .
His last wife was a bigamist who became pregnant with another man's baby .
Newcastle were denied a penalty against Liverpool on Monday night .
Ayoze Perez was brought down by a rash challenge from Dejan Lovren .
Sky pundit Gary Neville has criticised the referee's lack of action .
The Magpies went on to lose the game 20 at Anfield .
The illusion is the work of German bodypainting artist Joerg Duesterwald who spent hours painting his model .
Stunning set of pictures was taken in front of a rockface in a forest in Langenfeld Germany yesterday .
University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus .
Some fear retraction of Rolling Stone story about one case takes focus off the broader issue .
After the story came out UVA instituted a zerotolerance policy on sexual assault going forward .
Officers posted pictures of Lego models on their Facebook page .
Part of campaign by police in Edinburgh to raise awareness of crime .
It follows a 38.7 per cent rise in breakins in the 12 months to April 2014 .
But publicity stunt has been met with criticism from politicians and victims .
Wojciech Szczesny feels sorry for Adam Federici after his FA Cup error .
The goalkeeper let an Alexis Sanchez shot squirm into the net in extratime .
Szczesny insists Federici 'was the best player on the pitch' at Wembley .
Arsenal went onto win the semifinal 21 after the goalkeeper's error .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
The Colorado estate was built in 2008 using materials from Italy and gives the homeowners a 360degree unobstructed view of the Vail Valley .
It has eight bedrooms and nine full bathrooms across 17000squarefeet .
The home is so remote that it took a team of engineers $1 million and two years to build the 1.5mile driveway .
We Are Handsome designers Jeremy and Katinka Somers chose reallife fitness influencers above models .
Lindy Klim Amanda Bisk Juliette Burnett Kate Kendall and Sjana Earp were among the athletic stars .
Klim told Daily Mail Australia that she exercises two hours a day in Bali... but barely makes it to the gym in Oz .
Liverpool and Manchester United set to battle for PSV ace Memphis Depay .
Holland international Depay has scored 23 goals for the club this season .
Liverpool hope lure of firstteam action will convince him to choose them .
READ: Liverpool set for summer overhaul with TEN Kop stars on  way out .
READ: The areas  Liverpool must address if they want to avoid mediocrity .
Naomi Jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old .
She was in fact a 32yearold mother of one running her own business .
Miss Jacobs had been struck by what is called Transient Global Amnesia .
The condition had wiped away the past 17 years of her memory overnight .
She admits succumbing to 'total shock' when her son called her 'mum'
Geraldine Schultz 67 was killed last week by vortex in town of Fairdale .
Destructive tornado also picked up 1980 photo of her with husband 84 .
Photograph was carried 35 miles to Harvard Illinois where it was found .
Found by Alyssa Murray who posted online and was able to return it .
The Tornado carried some items further  one family photograph was found 70 miles away in Racine Wisconsin .
Londonbased designer claims to have made the world's safest bike .
Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage .
Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50000 of funding on site Indiegogo .
Bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
Miliband’s approach was as choreographed as a Torville and Dean routine .
Cameron kept firm hand on the leadership rudder and made no mistakes .
Clegg's smooth performance was a complete rerun of his 2010 routine .
Farage was diminished during debate perhaps the night's only casualty .
Sturgeon Wood and Bennett took him down with series of small swats .
Sturgeon’s speech about ‘breaking up old boys network' finished off coup .
David Cameron set to announce move today to help plug NHS £30bn hole .
Move is designed to demolish cynical Labour claims of Tory cutting NHS .
Prime Minister said last night he was ‘utterly committed’ to health service .
Arsenal defeated Reading 21 after extratime to reach the FA Cup final .
Alexis Sanchez scored both goals in his debut season for the Gunners .
The Chile international also scored twice against England at Wembley .
Gianfranco Zola and Robin van Persie both won the Cup in their debut seasons in the Premier League .
Steve McClaren says Newcastle were interested in him to become their new manager after Alan Pardew left the club for Crystal Palace .
The former England boss is believed to be on the shortlist for the Newcastle job next term .
McClaren is on course to reach the playoffs with Derby this season .
Lorient made it out of the Ligue 1 relegation zone by beating Marseille .
Jordan Ayew scored twice to outshine his brother at the Velodrome .
Marseille have now lost three games in a row to destory their title hopes .
'We're here to see the queen' one protester told Daily Mail Online outside a rural community college in Monticello Iowa .
He shouted 'Give the Saudi money back!' as Clinton arrived at Kirkwood Community College – referring to millions her family foundation accepted .
Hillary Clinton will visit the school on Tuesday in the first semipublic event of her presidential campaign .
Her armored campaign van nicknamed 'Scooby' has finally been photographed in the wilds of the American midwest after a 1000mile trip .
It arrived at her campaign stop tailed by a black Humvee .
Reporters snapped pics of the former secretary of state at a coffee shop in Le Claire Iowa .
Andre Schurrle joined Wolfsburg from Chelsea in January for £24m .
Rafa Benitez admitted he wanted to sign Germany international .
Ex Chelsea and Liverpool boss also tracked Luiz Gustavo & Ivan Perisic .
Napoli face Wolfsburg in Europa League quarterfinals on Thursday .
British actress takes FHM's top spot in the list of 100 sexiest women in the world .
People's most beautiful woman is nowhere on the list .
Authorities identify the deceased passenger as 36yearold Gary Terry .
Authorities say the driver 24yearold Tavon Watson lost control of a Lamborghini .
The crash occurred at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway .
Carl Thompson has put on an astonishing 30 stone in just three years .
While having always loved food his weight doubled when in 2012 .
The 32yearold credits the death of his mother with his huge weight gain .
Gorges on takeaways five nights a week and blows £10 a day on chocolate .
Mr Thompson is now desperate to shed 45 stone after health warnings .
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's matches this season .
In the games he has missed Real boast a 100 per cent win record .
Real have scored 25 goals and conceded just one without the Welshman .
In the 42 matches that Bale has started Real's win record is 69 per cent .
All U.S. Consulate personnel safe after blast State Department spokeswoman says .
Suicide bombers blow up car near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil Iraq .
Man is a British national of Polish origin but has not yet been identified .
He was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the DHKPC .
Banned leftist militant group took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage in Istanbul last week .
Both Kiraz and hostage takers were killed in the resulting police shootout .
Scientists quizzed more than 5000 teenagers about their drinking habits .
Also the films they watched including Bridget Jones' Diary and Aviator .
Those who watched most films featuring characters drinking alcohol were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol and 70% more likely to binge drink .
Researchers have called for films to be rated by alcohol content .
Midfielder Sebastian Rode scored in the 38th minute from close range .
Bayern Munich secured the three points after Andreas Beck's own goal .
Pep Guardiola's side lead Bundesliga by 13 points with five games left .
Shawn Izzo is alleged to have used 'excessive force' on Ariana Mason .
Ariana said she needed 26 stitches and that her teeth were broken .
She admits punching the officer but 'didn't realise' he was with police .
Nurhayada Sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator .
The 6yearold was shopping with mother at the mall in Pudu Malaysia .
CCTV shows her playing with the handrail before she slips through gap .
Her mother  who had been on the phone was said to be inconsolable .
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been reelected as the president of Kazakhstan .
74yearold was elected with 97% of the vote winning a fiveyear term .
International monitors have voiced their concern about the result .
But Nazarbayev says it would have been 'undemocratic' to intervene to make his victory smaller .
New Jersey school teacher Cheryl Meyer 45 told the governor his famous attitude won't be appreciated nationwide .
The likely 2016 candidate who was holding a town hall meeting responded calmly and said 'I'm trying to get better every day'
Paula Radcliffe finished in 2:36.55 but said the time didn't matter .
The world record holder began at the front of the mass start .
She had barely run since February due to an Achilles injury .
Radcliffe was the 199th woman to finish the race on Sunday .
She was first to receive the race's lifetime achievement award .
Earlier in the day Ethiopian Tigist Tufa won the women's elite race .
Eliud Kipchoge won the men's race in a Kenyan top three .
Volcano erupted without warning at around 6pm local time with 1500 people forced to leave their homes .
Residents described people crying in the streets as they fled in the aftermath of the 'apocalypselike' eruption .
It is the first time the volcano has been active since 1972 and the first major eruption there since 1961 .
The plume of ash and smoke blanketed the sky and was visible in towns up to 100 miles away in Argentina .
Mass fight broke out around 10pm Friday at Resorts World Casino .
Patrons at establishment next to JFK airport fought at bar opening .
Video of the encounter  where patrons threw chairs  was Tweeted .
Police said four people were arrested and will be charged over fight .
Videos of the week include drone footage of Oklahoma City .
NASA has a car that drives sideways  and a spacecraft headed for Pluto .
When Sonia Morales was pregnant her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly .
It is a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull  many newborns with the condition die soon after birth .
Angela celebrated her first birthday on March 23 .
The family are celebrating every day they have with Angela .
Some of Baltimore's unrest may have been inspired by the "Purge" movies .
Movies are about a dystopian America where all crime is temporarily legal .
Jessica EnnisHill is juggling motherhood with aiming for a gold medal .
She begins her comeback in May and targets glory at Rio Olympics .
EnnisHill admires Katarina JohnsonThompson but wants to beat her .
Steve Spowart rescued his friend's horses stranded in deep storm water by paddling out to them on a surfboard .
The animals were in flooded fields near Dungog in the NSW Hunter region .
One of the horses was caught in barbed wire and became startled as Mr Spowart tried to free it .
Dungog is one of the areas hardest hit in the state by what's being called the storm of the century .
Three people have died in the severe weather and four houses were washed away .
Sergey Bubka launched a manifesto ahead of running to be IAAF president .
He is Sebastian Coe's rival for the position in August's election .
Bubka promised crackdown on doping and review of athletics as a whole .
Reading keeper Adam Federici made a string of saves before THAT howler .
Man of the match Michael Hector (8.5) was superb in the Royals defence .
Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez (8) popped up with the two crucial goals .
Reanne Evans is bidding to make snooker history .
She is three matches away from reaching the World Championship .
No woman has ever played in the finals at The Crucible .
Evans's first qualifier is against 1997 world champion Ken Doherty .
QPR beat West Brom 41 away from home on Saturday in bid to beat drop .
Club remain 19th in the Premier League but are three points from safety .
Chris Ramsey's side face Aston Villa in crunch match on Tuesday .
QPR manager says his players have belief that they can stay up .
Niamh Geaney 26 found her doppelgänger through social media .
Her lookalike Karen Branigan lives only a hour away in Ireland .
The pair met in real life and although it was 'freaky' they got on very well .
Both have sisters and say they don't look similar to either of them .
General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyberassault .
He predicts that energy infrastructure would be hacker's prime target .
'We are not prepared for that' he warned in Texas last week .
Also voiced his concerns about the hacking threat from a terrorist organization such as ISIS .
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in $300m megafight on May 2 .
Filipino boxer says he will fight like it is the last of his life in Las Vegas .
Pacquiao has no doubt he will be the first to beat Mayweather .
Insists he will be a warrior in fight and will look to win each round .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao: WBC unveil $1m emerald green belt .
Floyd Mayweather 'is a control freak' slams PacMan's promoter Bob Arum .
Shabana Bibi 25 died after she suffered burns to 80 per cent of her body .
Husband and fatherinlaw were arrested and accused of setting her alight .
Investigating officer now says police have no doubt Bibi committed suicide .
Azam says he will set himself on fire if he doesn't get justice for his sister .
Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci 40 announced that Donatella 59 will appear in his new ad campaign .
The top designers work for competing fashion brands but they are good friends in real life .
Riccardo once told Donatella he would love to see her dressed in Givenchy .
Julian Zelizer: Washington is gridlocked and leans conservative .
But liberals can launch social programs at lower levels Zelizer says .
Trying programs out locally can set groundwork for Washington action in coming years he says .
Kyle Hargreaves was caught kissing a girl on a stretcher in the ambulance .
When confronted the 18yearold replied 'we are just trying to have sex'
He punched paramedic Michael Newman three times and spat in his face .
Southampton have scored seven time in their last 10 league games .
Manager Ronald Koeman feels a return to scoring will boost Europe hopes .
Southampton are seventh a point behind Liverpool and Tottenham on 53 .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news .
James Tingley 70 was sentenced 25 to 50 years in prison for molesting at least secen young girls .
'Mr. Tingley basically you are a monster who has destroyed the innocence of numerous children' said Judge Thomas Wilson .
Mr. Tingley's 'accomplice' Randy Stevens was also convicted of sexual misconduct for 'allowing Tingley to carry out a number of sexual assaults'
Stevens a father of 14 will be sentenced on April 16 .
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business .
He claims the decision is based on his religious views and Michigan doesn't currently have laws in place preventing such discrimination .
Critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the antigay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $840000 earlier this month .
Klawiter claims he doesn't need the money and has a successful business but at least one manfacturer has asked him to remove its logo from his site .
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .
The bout is expected to generate $300 million in revenue .
Iyanna Mayweather has been in training camp with her father Floyd .
Andros Townsend an 83rd minute sub in Tottenham's draw with Burnley .
He was unable to find a winner as the game ended without a goal .
Townsend had clashed with Paul Merson last week over England callup .
James McCarthy puts Everton ahead after 5 minutes as Everton counterattack at speed .
John Stones doubles host side's advantage with brilliant header from a corner in 35th minute .
Kevin Mirallas takes advantage of poor Manchester United defending to make it 30 late on .
David Cameron and Boris Johnson last night warned of a looming 'crisis'
They joined forces to question legitimacy of SNP's Labourboosting plan .
Mr Johnson claimed it would mean 'truckloads of cash' moving up the M1 .
It comes as Mr Salmond was filmed joking he would write Labour's budget .
Alison Sharland agreed a £10.34million settlement with her exhusband .
But exhusband Charlie had lied about the value of his share in AppSense .
It's claimed his value in the company may be worth up to £132million .
She has won the right to reopen their divorce battle in the Supreme Court .
No Man's Fort is located a mile off the coast of the Isle of Wight and is accessible by helicopter or boat .
AmaZing Venues has renovated the 134yearold sea fort into '75000 sq ft of fun' with cabaret bar and rooftop BBQs .
The fort boasts 23 suites at £450 per night with the lighthouse suite rising to £1150 a night during the summer .
Arkansas attorney Sarah Sparkman observed women are sexualized on TV .
Someone replied and mentioned Britt McHenry but didn't tag the reporter .
However McHenry found the post and began lashing out at Sparkman .
She called her a 'rando' insulted her appearance and mocked her for 'bashing more successful ppl on Twitter'
Echoes how McHenry told tow clerk: 'I'm on TV you're in a fing trailer'
British scientists say they have got to the 'root' of prostate cancer .
Have exposed an Achilles' heel that could lead to better survival chances .
Could mean that men get individualised treatments within a few years .
Citizens gather to honor victims on One Boston Day two years after the marathon bombings .
"Today will always be a little emotional for me" one Bostonian tells CNN .
Dairy factory in Red Sea port city of Hodeida was destroyed earlier today .
35 people were killed in airstrike that prompted Houthi rebels to return fire .
Attack comes as Saudi issues new warning of imminent ground invasion .
General hinted that ongoing airstrikes may require support on the ground .
Liverpool seven points off fourth place after 41 defeat by Arsenal .
Reds take on Blackburn in FA Cup quarterfinal replay on Tuesday night .
Manager Brendan Rodgers insists the club are not in crisis .
Ollie Devoto Semesa Rokoduguni Anthony Watson and Matt Banahan all crossed for Bath .
Bath fly half George Ford added nine points from the boot .
Newcastle replied through a Sinoti Sinoti try .
Prime Minister reveals 11yearold daughter's withering comparison .
Phil Dunphy is the hapless father loved for his bizarre pearls of wisdom .
Nancy threatens a No.10 memoir including how she was left in a pub .
Stuart McCall insists he's loving life managing Rangers despite pressures .
The Gers lost their first under McCall losing 30 to Queen of the South .
The former Motherwell boss doesn't regret taking on the difficult role .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Rangers news .
Christopher Wheeler 54 worked at the exclusive Tower Hill in Delaware .
Police discovered 2000 indecent images on his computers in October 2013 .
Composer and pilot was found guilty of multiple sex offences in December .
He was headmaster for nine years and earned around $370000 a year .
His attorneys claim the court tried to paint him as 'Mr Filthy'
Elite school was founded in 1919 by members of the Du Pont family .
Past graduates include US Senator Chris Coons and TV personality Dr Oz .
A jury has found exNew England Patriots star guilty of murder .
Aaron Hernandez also charged with murder in 2012 double homicide .
'Golden boy' had just inked $40 million contract when troubles began .
Magazine published A Rape on Campus in November 2014 issue .
Graphically recounted supposed gangrape of University of Virginia student .
Sabrina Rubin Erdely wrote article based on interviews with victim 'Jackie'
Did not speak to Alex Stock or Ryan Duffin who were portrayed poorly .
They could have revealed Jackie's unreliability before story went to press .
Duffin today took the magazine to task and said its reputation is shot .
Queen Margrethe II of Denmark is celebrating her 75th birthday today .
Last night she hosted a Gala dinner attended by royals from around Europe .
Today the delighted monarch appeared on the palace balcony to wave to the crowds after a lunch at City Hall .
No members of the British royal family were able to attend the glitzy celebration in Copenhagen .
Temitope Adebamiro arrested Friday and charged with firstdegree murder .
Police called to home in Bear Delaware on Thursday and found husband .
Adeyinka Adebamiro stabbed in upper body and wife wore bloody clothes .
Initially claimed death was a suicide but her  story changed several times .
Suspect told police husband abused her even while she was pregnant .
Now held without bail at Delores J Baylor Women's Correctional Institution .
A dispute broke out between Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg on Sunday .
Hamilton finished ahead of his teammate to win the Chinese Grand Prix .
The British driver said that he is a 'racer' and Rosberg is not .
Both Mercedes drivers are en route to Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix .
A logic question about "Cheryl's birthday" goes viral .
The clues give just enough information to eliminate most possibilities .
It spread after a Singapore television host posted it to Facebook .
Celtic face Inverness in Sunday's Scottish Cup semifinal at Hampden Park .
Ronny Deila's side are on course for a treblewinning season this year .
Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear in Scottish Premiership .
Deila said Celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to treble hopes .
Lucas Leiva was injured for Liverpool's three Wembley games in 2012 .
He hopes to feature in the semifinal against Aston Villa on April 19 .
Simon Mignolet believes victory over Blackburn vital after two defeats .
READ: Steven Gerrard's FA Cup dream at Wembley  remains a reality .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Jihadis were fighting in Hammam alAlil south of their Mosul stronghold .
Several of them sustained injuries so visited local doctors for treatment .
Doctors reportedly refused to help because they did not support ISIS .
Terrorists then dragged the 10 men out in to the desert and shot them .
Ten physicians across the country have banded together to tell Columbia they think having Oz on faculty is unacceptable .
Radiology professor says that he just wants Oz to "follow the basic rules of science"
TV's "Dr. Oz" holds a faculty position at Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons .
Sofinar Gourian found guilty of wearing a dress made from Egyptian flag .
A court in Agouza town sentenced the belly dancer to six months in prison .
Local businesswoman found the dress insulting and complained to police .
Strict laws prevents the flag being displayed if damaged or tampered with .
Ukip claim they would welcome Turkeyborn foreigner St George to Britain .
Party's economic spokesperson today faced questions on the scenario .
Patrick O'Flynn told reporters: 'Well I guess dragonslaying is a skill'
The party's election manifesto states it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to Britain .
Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey .
The honey is produced in late spring by the bees in her Wiltshire garden .
Just 250 jars are being made at £20 each with proceeds going to charity .
But does luxury honey taste different enough to justify hefty price point?
Alastair Clarkson has been filmed pushing and grabbing the neck of an Adelaide Power fan after Hawthorn's loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday .
The intoxicated fan is seen harassing Clarkson outside his Adelaide hotel .
Clarkson was 'pushed shoved all the way to the door' Hawks CEO says .
The Labour leader insists SNP MPs will not be able to dictate policy .
Insisted the SNP would not 'call the shots' if there was a hung parliament .
Comes after Nicola Sturgeon  said he could only govern with SNP support .
She promised to use SNP influence to increase government spending .
Mr Miliband also accepted his doomladen claims about jobs were wrong .
Before the recent jobs boom he said millions would be put on the dole .
Latest draconian crackdown by jihadis in Syrian de facto capital of Raqqa .
Violators will be jailed for ten days and made to take an 'Islamic course'
Raqqa resident: 'Freedom of expression has become a crime under ISIS'
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa from relegation .
Friendships will be cast aside when Ramsey's QPR face Sherwood's Villa .
QPR are optimistic about survival after beating West Brom 41 on Saturday .
A win over Villa would put Ramsey's Rs ahead of Villa on goal difference .
New Honda Civic was unveiled at New York Auto Show tonight .
Swindon factory will be exporting the fivedoor version of the car .
Pippa is said to have bought biodegradable nappies in Switzerland .
Buggy lights have white forward and red rear facing lights  just like a car .
Selfwarming bottle means new mums don't even need to get out of bed .
Huge computer glitch prevented deals in stock exchanges across the world .
Bloomberg down for several hours just after trading began this morning .
Europe and Asia thrown into chaos after server crashed in London office .
And reports from inside the company say a spilt can of Coke was to blame .
The limited copies of Selfish were sold on Gilt.com for $60 each .
The special versions feature an exclusive cover in addition to being handsigned and numbered by the 34yearold reality star .
Clegg names the first of his 'Premier League policies' as price of support .
Would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards .
Lib Dems say it covers every stage of education 'from cradle to college'
But insiders admit the party could lose as many as 20 seats on May 7 .
Locals say the bizarre refurbishment is more suitable for a playground .
Vale of Glamorgan Council paid £750000 for the unusual renovation .
One resident living near the Penarth home called it an eyesore .
Council claims colour scheme will help elderly residents with dementia .
An earlier version of this article stated the Welsh government contributed £500000 to the 'Legoland' makeover of sheltered accommodation in Penarth. We have been asked to clarify that their funding was in fact support services for the residences.
Zara and Mike Tindall were at a Help for Heroes event in Wiltshire .
Cheered personal trainer Rob Edmond who was completing a challenge .
Edmond rolled a whisky barrel 517 miles from Perthshire to Wiltshire .
Tindall ran the final mile and says he would like to do a similar challenge .
Zara strapped herself into the barrel and laughingly gave Tindall a lift .
The House In The Sea is located in Newquay Cornwall and is the perfect getaway retreat .
It is connected to the mainland by a 90ft high bridge and is completely surrounded with water when the tide is in .
Guests can book the luxury cottage which includes a bar TV wifi and billiards table .
Two Britons thought to be among seven killed in Caribbean plane crash .
Piper PA32 plane crashed in the Punta Cana region of Dominican Republic .
Foreign Office confirmed it is looking into reports of UK citizens on aircraft .
It is believed pilot was attempting emergency landing when crash occurred .
Rangers' teenage striker Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut .
Haris Vuckic's stunning volley sealed the points for Gers against Dumbarton .
Stuart McCall fulfilled his promise of experimenting with academy players .
Caitlin KellieJones was born with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE)
Medics had to put her on a special machine to help stop brain damage .
Now her parents Paul and Nicola want to raise money for the hospital .
The family want to raise £16000 for two of the special cooling machines .
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs .
Footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick'
After Sam's ruled out of the game his younger sister Charlie confidently steps up to the mark .
With $10 in her pocket she gives her father a celebratory a high five .
77 people arrested in London as 3000 police officers flood the streets .
Ambulance crews in the capital receive 2333 calls .
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region .
Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France has boycotted the fruit .
Yesterday officials began destroying trees affected by the deadly disease .
Protesters failed in an attempt to stop the governmentordered destruction .
The spread of the bacteria is expected to cause olive oil prices to rocket .
Everton drew 11 with Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday .
They could finish Premier League bottom half for first time in nine years .
Tim Howard says his side's struggles aren't down to Europa League .
Toffees played 10 European games but Howard says form is down to luck .
Black and white photos offer a rare glimpse of the Chinese capital's landmarks devoid of tourists .
Pictures were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty the last imperial dynasty of China .
Locals and foreigners pose at the Temple of Heaven Western Qing Tombs and Summer Palace .
Quiet scenes are a far cry from modernday Beijing one of the most populous cities in the world .
FBI investigating after intelligence information indicated possible terror plot .
TSA involved although possible threat not necessarily related to aviation .
No arrests have been made and it is unclear whether this is a new threat .
In addition to Los Angles some other US cities have increased security .
Australian MP Andrew Robb says he would put a pen in his mouth to smile .
Government Minister did so to trick his brain into releases endorphins .
Mr Robb battled depression much of his life before seeking help in 2009 .
Prevention and treatment of mental illness is key says Labor's Anna Burke .
Crossdressing bankrobber entered U.S. Bank in Santa Cruz on Friday .
Cashier handed over money after being handed a note making demands .
Man wearing the exact same outfit was seen acting suspiciously outside a different bank an hour earlier .
Arsenal beat Liverpool 41 in their Premier League encounter on Saturday .
Raheem Sterling won a second half penalty for the visitors at the Emirates .
Sterling has turned down a Liverpool deal worth £100000aweek .
20yearold gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday over the issue .
Defeat leaves seven points adrift of fourthplaced Manchester City  in race for qualifying for next season's Champions League .
Curt Almond from Bristol spent £40 per week on new Calvin Klein boxers .
During a yearlong addiction Mr Almond forked out £2000 on 365  pairs .
He threw them away after one wear so he could enjoy 'crisp pair' each day .
Mr Almond 26 forced to curb habit after craze almost landed him in debt .
AP McCoy wins second feature race at Grand National festival .
Rides Don Cossack to victory in Melling Chase on Friday .
Set to ride favourite Shutthefrontdoor at Aintree on Saturday .
Bolasie scored three goals as Palace beat Sunderland 41 .
Villa recorded a crucial 10 win at Tottenham to stay above drop zone .
Aaron Ramsey scored Arsenal's goal in 10 win at Burnley .
Jamie Vardy struck late to give Leicester a vital 32 win at West Brom .
Some of Jesus' most important financial backers were women historians say.
Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus both men of stature and wealth chipped in to help fund Jesus' ministry.
Australia have seen sense by revamping their overseas selection policy .
It leaves England looking oldfashioned and they need to react .
Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell are topclass performers for Toulon .
Steffon Armitage and Nick Abendanon should come into the selection mix .
England need the best squad possible for the forthcoming World Cup .
Indiana town's Memories Pizza is shut down after online threat .
Its owners say they'd refuse to cater a samesex couple's wedding .
Original lyrics to U.S. pop anthem American Pie up for auction Tuesday .
Unidentified bidder won the 16page document for $1.2million .
The manuscript includes a deleted verse about music being 'reborn'.
Aston Villa play Liverpool in their FA Cup semifinal on Sunday at Wembley .
Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe earlier in the season .
Steven Gerrard will be leaving Liverpool at the end of the campaign .
Sergio Ramos was superb in midfield during win over Atletico Madrid .
Ramos is filling in for injured Luka Modric in central role .
Real Madrid legend is primarily a centreback but can play elsewhere .
Spain star started his career up front and even fools around in goal .
Sam Pearce goes by the name Sam Worthen when he works as a model .
He walked in New York Fashion Week this February while his Brooklyn New York school was closed for winter break .
The 24yearold has worked for the likes of DNKY Diesel and Alexander McQueen .
Mr. Pearce says he opened up about his double life in an effort to raise money to buy his students books on GoFundMe .
The nephew of President John F Kennedy attended the screening of a antivaccination documentary Tuesday in Sacramento California .
The California State Legislature is currently deciding a bill that would make vaccinations mandatory for all children  no matter their parents' beliefs .
RFK Jr is a vaccine skeptic and believes there is a connection between an immunization chemical called thimerosal and autism .
The scientific community at large says vaccines are not dangerous .
Jamal Kiyemba arrested over killing of Uganda's top female prosecutor .
The 36yearold Ugandan national grew up in London from age 14 .
Arrested in Pakistan in 2002 and held at Guantanamo Bay until 2006 .
After his release he claimed he had admitted to terrorism under torture .
Awarded £1m compensation over human rights abuse claims .
No one was injured in the attack on the Times Square military recruitment station in March 2008 .
Officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates .
FBI footage showed the Times Square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike .
Rapper Lil Wayne not injured after shots fired at his tour bus on an Atlanta interstate police say .
No one has been arrested in the shooting .
Two types of cereal in an Easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .
Served at Black Milk cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter .
'Easter is less about what is used to mean' cafe owner Olly Taylor said .
The now 45yearold singer wore the dress at the 2000 Grammy Awards .
'It was the most popular search query we had ever seen' said Schmidt .
It inspired Google to launch Image Search so people could find it easier .
Previously users had to search through pages of text broken up by links .
In 1915 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks in what historians have described as the first genocide of the 20th century .
Obama refused to call the mass killings a 'genocide' in  official statement despite promising as a presidential candidate that he would .
Turkish officials furiously deny there was a genocide and Obama has shied away from offending the close U.S. ally .
Kim Kardashian  who is Armenian on her father's side  and the Pope have both called the killings a genocide .
Kasdashian last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West sister Khole and cousins Kara and Kourtni .
The White House will be sending Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew to Armenia this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the killings .
Unison member said tired staff have 'detrimental effect on patient care'
Jane Smith likened longer working hours for NHS staff to 'slave labour'
Called for more research to examine the impact on workers' health .
Liverpool lost 21 against Aston Villa in their FA Cup semifinal on Sunday .
Reds are seven points adrift of fourthplaced Man City in the league table .
No Liverpool boss since 1950s has gone three seasons without a trophy .
READ: Liverpool set for summer overhaul with TEN Kop stars on way out .
READ: Rodgers has conviction quashed after rental property fine .
Incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has handled the potential return of Kevin Pietersen very poorly .
Graves has pitched several outlandish ideas about reducing Test matches to four days .
He should focus his attention on addressing the England fixture congestion .
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 10 in the Bundesliga on Saturday .
Robert Lewandowski opened the scoring vs his former club on 36 minutes .
Dortmund applied much of the secondhalf pressure but were kept at bay .
Bayern restored their 10point lead at the top of the Bundesliga .
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays on May 23 .
Sixtime Olympic gold medalist says he's 'fit healthy and ready to run'
Bolt was part of the Jamaica team that won gold at London 2012 .
Jim Ratcliffe is the founder and chairman of chemical giant Ineos .
The Swissbased billionaire said the house would be his only UK home .
The house features several revolutionary energy saving measures .
The home's heating and hot water systems all use renewable energy .
Lacey Spears of Scottsville Kentucky was found guilty last month of seconddegree murder in the death of GarnettPaul Spears .
The 27yearold Spears forcefed heavy concentrations of sodium through the boy's stomach tube .
Judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty'
She showed no emotion when she was sentenced to 20 years in prison .
The boy's father Chris Hill wrote on his Facebook account of Spears: 'Crazy a** woman needs to be beat to death in prison'
Baboon bone was spotted by the American Museum of Natural History .
Researchers thought one of the vertebra bones was too small to fit Lucy .
They say the baboon bone was somehow mixed up with Lucy's remains .
Lucy is oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found .
Liverpool suffered 41 Premier League defeat by rivals Arsenal .
The defeat greatly reduced Liverpool's chances of top four finish .
Brendan Rodgers admits top players want Champions League football .
Celtic boss Ronny Deila was unsure he was cut out for the job .
Deila struggled for results initially at Celtic Park .
But the Bhoys now lead the Premiership and should win the title .
The 79th Masters Tournament begins on Thursday at Augusta National .
Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy are among the leading contenders .
It has seen many shots which have gone down in golfing legend .
Bubba Watson Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer all made history .
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star confessed to Dr. Phil that she is struggling with alcohol in emotional interview set to air April 28 .
Richards stormed out of the session after Dr. Phil's offer of help .
Her three kids followed her down the hall of the Beverly Wilshire Hotel imploring her to return .
'Why do you have to be so f***ing picky' daughter Brooke yells. 'You have to do this mom'
She spoke about her arrest on April 16 when she was taken into custody at the Beverly Hills Hotel for a 'drunken incident'
"Galaxy Quest" TV series in the works .
Show would be based on the cult classic 1999 scifi comedy .
Jim Murphy scored winning penalty in charity shootout in Edinburgh .
Game put on for terminal Motor Neurone Disease sufferer Gordon Aikman .
Mr Aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago .
He has raised over £250000 for research into a cure through his campaign .
Michael Vaughan said Alastair Cook's movement had improved since last year .
Cook was caught for 13 moments after Vaughan's praise .
Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year .
18yearold Xie Xu met his 19yearold classmate Zhang Chi at school .
Zhang has muscular dystrophy a condition which makes it difficult to walk .
Xie has been carrying Zhang to and from school each day for three years .
He helps him wash his clothes get his meals and get to classes .
Both boys are the top of their class and hope to go to university .
Brian Karl Brimager 37 was indicted by a grand jury in San Diego .
Is accused of murdering clothing designer Yvonne Lee Baldelli in 2011 .
Allegedly dismembered her body and disposed of it in a military backpack .
Then engaged in an elaborate scheme to cover up the crime .
Sent emails from her account to make people think she was still alive .
He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .
Mathew Sitko 23 crashed his car and ended up hanging over a cliff edge in Lewiston Idaho in an 'emotional episode' Wednesday morning .
Jason Warnock 29 was nearby when he saw the car above so he climbed up a footbridge and ran to the edge of the cliff and pulled the man out .
He needed to leave to go to work but was tracked down after the picture quickly spread online .
'I think maybe God put me here at the right time' Warnock said .
Police are now saying that Sitko crashed his SUV after hearing a song on the radio that 'convinced him it was his time to die'
"I had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way" defendant's lawyer says .
A judge reduces prison sentences for 3 educators in the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal .
"I'm not comfortable with it" Judge Jerry Baxter said of the original longer sentences .
Flight from Kansas City Missouri to Denver Colorado was diverted Friday .
Landed at Colorado Springs at 7.30am  beginning sixhour ordeal .
After three hours passengers could go  but would have had to pay for new connecting flights and transport .
During long wait airplane ran low on water food and bathroom supplies .
Airline has denied it was feasible to get passengers off the flight .
Graziano Pelle hasn't scored in the Premier League since December 20 .
Italy striker did find the net against England in recent international friendly .
The 29yearold has thanked Saints fans for supporting him in lean spell .
It was claimed Sunday that the Food Network star has been cheating on his wife with assistant Elyse Tirrell for three years .
Flay's business partner Lawrence Kretchmar dismissed the report saying he'd have known if the chef was having an affair with an employee .
Tirrell who is 28 used to work as a hostess at one of Flay's restaurants before being promoted to be his assistant .
The celebrity chef has filed for divorce from March 40 after 10 years of marriage but she is contesting their prenup .
A magnitude7.8 earthquake struck near Kathmandu Nepal .
Carolyn Miles: Many survivors will have nowhere to go .
People who snore are more likely to experience an early decline in memory .
Those with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier .
Sleep apnoea is where the throat narrows in sleep interrupting breathing .
Onset of Alzheimer's might be accelerated for people with sleep problems .
Dietmar Hamann expects Bastian Schweinsteiger to leave Bayern Munich .
Hamann says Schweinsteiger he has lost his place to Xabi Alonso .
Former international claims Franck Ribery faces a fight for his starting slot .
CLICK HERE to see who Bayern  face in the Champions League semi finals .
Sue Sharp shocked to find 'homegrown' leg of lamb from New Zealand .
She refuses to accept Asda's explanation that it was a oneoff mistake .
The sheep farmer has now warned shoppers to be extra vigilant .
Darius is world's largest rabbit at 4ft 4in weighing three and a half stone .
But his son Jeff is 3ft 8in and still has six months left of growing to do .
The monstrous pair are owned by Annette Edwards of Worcestershire .
Both munch through 2000 carrots and 700 apples per year costing £5000 .
Actor thinks the former Secretary of State has 'paid her dues'
Revealed his choice for the nomination at the Tribeca Film Festival .
Said in 2006 both she and Obama would one day be in the White House .
Added that if she is president there will be 'surprises'
Star Wars fan went to a Star Wars convention for new Force Awakens film .
He met his hero R2D2 who began spinning around with the child .
Boy can be heard giggling uncontrollably as R2D2 mirrors and follows him .
Child was at a convention in Anaheim dressed in Star Wars merchandise .
Driss Diaeddinn 50 'shot dead his two brothers mother and his sisterinlaw amid a dispute about the family business' on Thursday afternoon .
The gunman's wife escaped the home with their two toddlers and called 911 and an hour later his sister emerged saying she had been hiding .
Alexander Blair 28 of Topeka accused of knowing about bomb plot but not contacting authorities .
Fort Riley's security was never breached and the device was "inert" and not a threat authorities say .
John T. Booker Jr. 20 of Topeka had acquired bomb parts and made a propaganda video the Justice Department says .
To honour the warm weather MailOnline Travel has compiled a list of the world's mustvisit springtime destinations .
In the Netherlands the country's famed Keukenhof Gardens are open only from March 20 through May 17 .
Head to Kanazawa Japan to take in the cherry tree blossoms which traditionally bloom in the first half of April .
In nearby Northumberland vibrant red poppies light up the area's rolling hills from late spring to early summer .
Jodie Barden's daughters Ella 8 and Chloe 1 have Cockayne Syndrome .
This rare genetic disorder means they are unlikely to live to be teenagers .
Mrs Barden 28 has faced heartbreak of planning her daughter's funerals .
Family is now trying to make the most of the remaining time they have .
Icon has amassed £77million fortune since rise to fame eight years ago .
Former Dumfries shelfstacker now owns £11 million Beverly Hills mansion .
Ivor Novello winning DJ has worked with the brightest stars in pop music .
Camel weighed 450kg and had to be hoisted into the kiln by a crane .
Mysterious marinade contains 36 herbs as well as eggs and black pepper .
Chef spent five days building the giant kiln with more than 10000 bricks .
First customer had queued for three hours for a portion .
The street feast is a part of a tourism festival in Xinjiang in northwest China .
Geoff Whitington 63 had diabetes and was on the verge of losing a leg .
His sons Anthony and Ian helped the fatheroffour shed six stone .
He now loves to cycle never eats takeaways and chooses healthy options .
Doctors Mr Whitington is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication .
Police in Yuma Arizona revealed that tragic accident was caused by a bee .
Eli and Silas Keslar were pulled from a canal in Yuma Arizona on Friday .
Mom Alexis Keslar tried to save her children but currents swept them away .
GoFundMe page set up for family has raised $20000 over the weekend .
School children as young as nine are posting public 'Hot or Not' videos .
Some more cutting clips can gather over 2000 views online .
What effect will this new form of humiliation have on the next generation?
Shaker Aamer has been held at Guantanamo without charge for 13 years .
The 48yearold from London could be freed in June it has been revealed .
US President Barack Obama has repeatedly vowed to close the facility .
Consumers are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages .
Restaurants have seen spending increase by 17 per cent in the past year .
Figures expected to show UK is now in first period of deflation since 1960 .
Groups such as Californiabased Wings of Rescue or South Carolinabased Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes fuel and time .
The two nonprofits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing yearonyear .
All dogs have to be spayed or neutered microchipped and vaccinated before they take off .
It's reported that most pooches sleep in the air and don't get sick .
With room for 3600 Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market .
P&O's new ship has a gourmet edge with a host of restaurants on board .
Top chefs working with the ship include Eric Lanlard and Mary Berry .
Leo Bernal 8 suffered gunshot wound to the head as he lay in bed in Culver City California .
Doctors had to open his skull to save his life leaving him with 23 staples .
Bernal's mother say her son is not afraid to return home .
Jurgen Klopp announced that he will leave the club in the summer .
Klopp has encouraged the players to 'keep smiling' ahead of his departure .
Borussia Dortmund have struggled this season and are 10th in Bundesliga .
Mauricio Pochettino takes Tottenham to his former club Southampton .
Saints fans encouraged to wear orange for 'Ronald Koeman Day'
Clothing company has printed Tshirts with the Dutchman's quote: 'The key is to believe in ourselves'
Javier Hernandez scored winner against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday .
Mexican is on a seasonlong loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United .
Real will not take up option to buy the striker at the end of the season .
Hernandez is wanted by a host of Premier League and European clubs .
I'm Up Alarm is designed to help those who have trouble getting out of bed .
Alarm will sound at a preset time and continue until a QR code is scanned .
App is expected to be available on Apple and Android phones from June .
The 12 victims were from Nigeria and Ghana police said .
The group of 105 people left Libya bound for Italy .
More than 10000 people have arrived on Italian shores from Libya since last weekend .
Candlelit memorials held on beach in Malta and Rome's Verano Cemetery .
In memory of Libyan refugees who died on a smugglers' vessel on Sunday .
Italian coast guard has rescued hundreds more fleeing war in Africa since .
Only 5000 can stay in Europe EU leaders are expected to announce today .
He retreated to his house after shooting daughter's partner and a policeman .
She was pictured lying next to the wounded 50yearold outside the house .
An armed police unit raided the home this morning after negotiations failed .
A police officer was seriously injured in the firefight that ensued in Zaragoza .
71yearold tycoon used to live in Texas and went by name of Dorothy .
Clair Schuler who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder said that when he met Durst he was pretending to be a deaf mute woman .
Said that Durst was shy and never let anyone touch him or take photos .
Schuler said Durst was a generous tipper and although there were some strange things about his nature he did not think of him as a threat .
Former face of  Nightly News was suspended for lying about Iraq report .
Details from investigative team memo to NBC CEO revealed that he is thought to have lied about his experiences at least eleven times .
Include seemingly overblown claims about reporting on the Arab Spring .
Info leaked to press this weekend thought to be effort to pressure him out .
Media insiders say he would receive between $20million and $30million .
Nolito scores opener after just nine minutes to put his side in unlikely lead .
Toni Kroos cancels out Nolito's strike before Javier Hernandez nets goal .
Santi Mina then makes it 22 with closerange finish past Iker Casillas .
James Rodriguez puts side in lead before Hernandez's second of the night .
Real Madrid XI: Casillas Carvajal Varane Ramos Marcelo Kroos Illarramendi Isco Rodriguez Hernandez Ronaldo .
Celta Vigo XI: Sergio Hugo Mallo Cabral Fontas Jonny Augusto KrohnDehli Orellana Santi Mina Nolito Larrivey .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hattrick in reverse match at the Bernabeu .
Real progressed to semifinals of the Champions League on Wednesday .
Oxford won their 12th women's boat race in 16 years .
The Dark Blues triumphed by six and a half lengths .
It was the first time the women's race has been raced over the same course and on the same day as the men's event .
Jason Rezaian faces trial for collaborating with 'hostile governments'
The Tehran correspondent is accused of gathering classified information .
He has been in jail for nine months with requests for bail denied .
Charges labelled 'absurd' by White House and 'ludicrous' by paper .
Jo Stephenson's widow accused Tim Farron of betraying her late husband .
He was vilified over the new parking charges in Mr Farron's constituency .
Deputy leader of Cumbria County Council fell from a threestorey property .
An inquest found he jumped from the roof while suffering 'intense stress'
Albert Webb 51 ran con with sons Jimmy Chuter 26 and Jesse Webb 19 .
Trio targeted the elderly accosting them in the street near their homes .
Gang claimed they were coming to collect money for bogus roof repairs .
As victims suffered from dementia they often handed over the cash .
Sikander Rafiq and Samara Jabreen were in an eight year relationship .
Couple had three children together but lied about their relationship status .
They pocketed £66268 housing council tax and income support benefits .
New report says 41 million metric tonnes of electronic waste worth a staggering £34billion was discarded in 2014 .
Countries illegally export 'millions of tonnes' of ewaste annually to African nations like Ghana campaigners say .
Shocking photographs from its capital Accra show thousands of discarded appliances in huge filthy landfill sites .
Some contain toxic materials like lead and mercury which damage environment and people sifting through them .
Ander Herrera has started the last eight games for Manchester United .
Midfielder says he is in the 'right team in the right league'
Herrera scored twice against Aston Villa during Man United's 31 victory .
Uruma Takezawa a Japanese photographer has just won the third annual Nikkei National Geographic photo prize .
Formerly a marine photographer Takezawa's latest project documents those who live off the land in harmony .
He embarked on a roundtheworld photography trip in March 2010 which took him to all corners of the world .
Woman was struck by lightning in her car in Boston Lincolnshire .
Several days later her hairdresser noticed minor burns on her scalp .
Later that day the 77yearold noticed her eye sight was blurred .
A scan of her retina revealed heat from the bolt burned a hole in her retina .
Mascot among dozen of staff concerned about their jobs .
From August adidas will replace Nike as United's kit supplier .
Workers at Old Trafford megastore offered no assurances about jobs .
Nike say they have entered into a consultation process with staff .
Feel like a James Bond villain with the most advanced submerged ocean vehicles .
Some convert from a yacht into a submarine and others detached off for a speedy exploration .
Oliver's Travels offers a Mile Low package on its submarine complete with chef and butler for £175000 a night .
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospitals NHS Trust paid the huge figure .
Equates to £183 an hour and is double to going rate for a neurologist .
Hospital said temporary staff have to be used to cover staffing shortfalls .
This page includes the show Transcript .
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .
At the bottom of the page comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
Dorian Poe 11 from Burlington Ontario sends his stuffed polar bear Tikko to other children around the world .
Each child who looks after Tikko is tasked with raising awareness about autism in his or her community .
Woman who escaped IS capital Raqqa in Syria shares her story .
She has seen people killed in front of her for breaking IS rules .
Women will be whipped if they refuse to cover up in public .
Hot metal skewer put in mouths of those caught smoking .
'IS has stripped women of all their freedom' she said .
Kalimah Dixon of Georgia lost condo and belongings in fire on Monday .
She said her children aged one to 14 now have nothing .
Mother of three girls and three boys said American Red Cross has helped .
But she said shelters turn the family away while she looks for place to live .
Chelsea could consider selling Brazilian midfielder Oscar this summer .
Both Juventus and Liverpool are keeping tracking of developments .
Oscar has struggled to maintain a first team place this season .
The gargoyles endless balconies and fountains can be yours  to help carry on the eccentric torch of quirky Indy celebrity Jerry A. Hostetler .
The current owner bought the home after Hostetler's 2006 death. He listed it for $2.2M in February 2012 $1.3M in 2013 and now for less than a million .
The house is five gardenvariety ranchers glued together to form a campusofun complete with swimming pool ballroom and guesthouse .
Davion Only 16 captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to 'love him forever'
He was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children .
In the next year he was shuttled between four different homes and four schools in Florida before calling his old caseworker Connie Bell Going .
Davion called and asked Miss Connie if she would adopt him last July .
Going agreed and in February they signed court papers to officially make Davion her son which should take effect April 22 .
'I guess I always thought of you as my mom' Davion said to Going last December .
Misao Okawa the world's oldest person dies at the age of 117.
She passed away on Wednesday morning in Japan.
Footage shows groups of captives in jumpsuits executed at 2 locations narrator says .
Video makes numerous references to Christians failing to pay tax or tribute to Muslims .
Ranette Afonso 42 will marry Marko Conte 30 this October .
Accident happened in August 2013 while Ranette was still married .
Began texting regularly after swapping insurance and contact details .
Kevin Rebbie 56 of Limerick Township Pennsylvania has been arrested .
He allegedly sexually abused a girl in her home and filmed her in bathroom .
The girl also claims Rebbie watched her undress and when he thought she was sleeping .
Investigators found 41 videos 34 of which showed victims as they showered .
Rebbie said that he purchased the camera specifically to watch the 15yearold girl but captured other victims on film too .
Rebbie's  is being held on a $500000 bail and will appear in court on May 1 .
Dani Alves has a Barcelona contract which will expire in the summer .
Manchester United and Liverpool among clubs chasing his signature .
Player's agent Dinorah Santana says Barca deal is far from done .
READ: Hector Bellerin tops poll to replace Dani Alves at Barcelona .
READ: Dani Alves releases charity single with exBarcelona keeper .
WikiLeaks uploads hundreds of thousands of emails and documents into a searchable online archive .
Documents date from last year's crippling cyberattack against Sony Pictures Entertainment .
It's the latest blow for the company struggling to get past the attack .
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange defended actions and said the documents were already in the public domain .
Manuel Pellegrini's position has come under scrutiny at Manchester City .
Patrick Vieira is in charge of the  champion's Elite Development Squad .
The former Arsenal star is well equipped to become a top manager .
The three centres are planned for Cardiff London and Northumberland .
They will offer proton beam therapy to private and NHS cancer patients .
Hoped the first centre in Cardiff will be up and running by next year .
Ashya King five made a 'miracle recovery' after receiving the therapy to treat a brain tumour .
The Thunder from Lagos was suspected of illegally fishing for Toothfish .
Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for more than 100 days .
The Thunder's captain is suspected of scuttling the vessel in a coverup .
Watertight doors were dogged open to allow the vessel to sink faster .
Phil Jagielka visited Chaophraya restaurant with sponsors Chang Beer .
The Everton skipper had a cookery lesson with Thai chef Kim Kaewkraikhot .
England defender Jagielka was pleased that he 'didn't burn anything down'
The Toffees take on Swansea on Saturday looking for a fourth win in a row .
Lib Dem leader explains how his party would eradicate deficit by 201718 .
Includes tax rises limiting welfare rises and Whitehall spending cuts .
But warns Osborne's plan to cut £12billion will cause 'real pain'
Mansion tax scaled back by £700million but car tax to rise by £25ayear .
Former Rangers manager and chairman Walter Smith hopes that the worst of the offfield drama at Ibrox over so they can target new stability .
Rangers are aiming for a return to the SPL as soon as possible .
However promotion from the Championship is proving difficult .
CNN's John Sutter told the story of the "Poor kids of Silicon Valley"
HUD Secretary Julián Castro: Our shortage of affordable housing is a national crisis that stunts the economy .
Ukip leader Nigel Farage risks alienating those watching debate last night .
Complains of 'remarkable audience even by Leftwing standards of BBC'
Comments on housing pressure due to immigration greeted with mutters .
David Dimbleby says independent polling firm chose 'balanced' audience .
Grace Dare who now uses the name Khadijah is with ISIS in Syria .
Her heartbroken mother Victoria from Lewisham has spoken for first time .
Has issued a plea for her daughter and grandson to come home .
Says Dare was a devout Christian as a child and 'loved to pray'
Her daughter has become a terrorist poster girl and regularly issues threats .
Dare has said she wants to become the first woman to behead a Westerner .
Her Swedish husband Abu Bakr has reportedly been killed .
Britain's Jihadi Brides tonight at 9pm on BBC2 .
Cult US shows like The Big Bang Theory  will be axed for 12 hours on May 7 .
Instead E4 will show a special advert encouraging people to vote .
The radical move could have a significant impact on the election .
E4 is the most popular channel for 1634 year olds watched by 8.7 million .
Tesco's dress is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market .
The cheaper materials mean the £80 gown can be handwashed at home .
Similar lowpriced gowns are now also available on the High Street .
It reflects growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs .
RJ Jackson is one of around 70 sufferers of Netherton's syndrome .
Fouryearold's skin appears red and scaly and can be itchy and painful .
Mother Valerie Jackson is regularly accused of 'scalding or burning' him .
Says RJ faces cruel taunts from bullies  most of whom are ignorant adults .
Police say Victor White III and Jesus Huerta shot themselves while handcuffed in cars .
Report: Police ignored Jorge Azucena's complaints that he had asthma and couldn't breathe .
Kelly Thomas died five days after he was beaten by police in Fullerton California .
Embalmers substitute parts of flesh with plastics and other materials .
A mild bleach is often used to deal with fungus stains on Lenin's face .
The body is covered in glycerol and potassium acetate every 2 years .
At one time 200 scientists were working to help preserve Lenin's body .
Thomas set to be named as one of eight new referees for the 2015 season .
The married motherofthree has regularly officiated college games .
Thomas was the first woman to officiate an NCAA game  in 2007 .
She has also spent time in the NFL's developmental program for officials .
Recall affects packs of Asda branded Little Angels 2 Newborns Soothers .
A customer had complained the teat on one product detached from casing .
Supermarket asking customers to dispose of the product or return them .
Sevenyearold boy has died on family skiing holiday in Flaine French Alps .
Police believe Carwyn ScottHowell fell to his death after leaving ski slope .
It is understood he was looking for his parents when he took a wrong turn .
Got lost on piste and fell down cliff after taking off skis to try and find them .
Andrew Stewart Wood of Havant Hampshire was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the Hard Rock Hotel in the early hours of Tuesday .
Wood who police said was 'extremely intoxicated' refused to stop shouting and return to his room at the Universal Orlando theme park resort .
Wood was charged with disorderly conduct and spent the night in jail .
Hard Rock Hotel confirmed ice machine  removed for health and safety but was unable to say if Wood was still a guest for 'security reasons'
Amedy Coulibaly stormed Jewish store before being shot dead by police .
Hostages  including child 3 and baby  survived by hiding in cold store .
Lawyer claims broadcasters endangered their lives by revealing location .
He said jihadist was following coverage of his raid on different channels .
V.K. Singh is leading the operation to evacuate Indians trapped in wartorn Yemen .
The minister reportedly said the exercise was less exciting that visiting the Pakistan High Commission .
Angry Singh branded a section of the media 'presstitutes' after they quoted him .
Congress called his statement 'abusive' and 'lamentable'
Pictures show women serving with armed forces around the world including in Pakistan Jordan and North Korea .
They include images of proRussian rebels in Donetsk Ukraine and US soldiers serving in southern Afghanistan .
One shows North Korean soldiers on patrol near the Chinese border and another shows fighters in Aleppo Syria .
The Curlcrested Jay is known to be a good mimic of sound .
Bird makes the sound of running water and a distorted voice .
Before it produces a peculiar Space Invaders style tune .
Video was shot at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre .
Michael Wilkie was found guilty in January of firstdegree murder in January for the 2012 killing of his third wife Shelby Wilkie .
His second wife Amanda Casey has opened up about the abuse she faced before divorcing .
Casey said that he controlled aspects of her life and was physically abusive particularly when she was pregnant .
She even said she feared that Michael Wilkie would kill her .
She said she never warned Shelby Wilkie but told her she was there if she needed someone to talk to shortly before she disappeared .
Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon says he has no plans to retire soon .
Italy international says he will be the first to bow out when his level slips .
But feels it would be a waste to retire now because he is still playing well .
Schools should display posters warning pupils to respect teachers .
Union officials say signs are needed as increasing number of staff abused .
Around 82% of NASUWT members were verbally abused by pupils in 2014 .
A further 23% were threatened with violence and 16% were attacked .
Belle Gibson was awarded Cosmo's Fun Fearless Female Award last year .
Bronwyn McCahon wishes her magazine had better investigated Ms Gibson .
Despite her cancer lies Cosmo won't strip Gibson of the prize .
'What she doesn’t need now is the whole of Australia ganging up on her and bullying her' McCahon says .
Iona Costello 51 and daughter Emily went missing on March 30 .
Were heading into Manhattan to visit the theater when they disappeared .
Recognized by someone at the New York hotel they were staying in .
NYPD officers picked them up at 3am and said they're in good health .
Andy Awford has been sacked as manager of League Two Portsmouth .
Decision comes after the Blues disappointing 31 defeat to Morecambe .
Portsmouth were tipped for promotion but have endured a poor campaign .
Blues sit 11 points adrift of the playoff places with four games to play .
Newark man 21 said he recognized the rapper whose real name is Earl Simmons while at an Exxon station on Sunday .
He told police they had a conversation about rap music before man in DMX's entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money .
Victim said DMX allegedly snatched the money before driving off .
Google introduced Face Unlock in Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich .
Now rolling out new voice unlock feature to users .
It acts as an alternative to screen locks involving a pattern or a PIN .
Savage swan nicknamed Asbaby attacked punters on The Backs area of River Cam in Cambridge over Easter .
Mr Asbo the swan believed to be his grandfather was moved away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers .
Asbaby seen getting close to tourists eating sandwiches drinking from bottles and trying to steal handbag .
Swan which still has many brown baby feathers said to be son of Asboy  which has also terrorised punters .
Kim Kardashian shared frantic lastminute Easter basket preparations .
Mariah Carey was up late at night baking chocolate Easter cupcakes .
Amanda Holden and Myleene Klass posted sweet snaps of their egg hunts .
Federal education minister Smriti Irani visited a FabIndia store in Goa saw cameras .
Authorities discovered the cameras could capture photos from the store's changing room .
The four store workers arrested could spend 3 years each in prison if convicted .
Iranians ban Saudi pilgrimage following claims of abuse on two teenagers .
The boys 14 and 15 say abuse occurred as they were searched at airport .
International incident sparked protests outside Saudi embassy in Tehran .
Ban comes amid escalating tensions over Saudiled bombing in Yemen .
Martin Alvarado Jr. 'was looking after Edwin O'Reilly on Thursday and became enraged when the child urinated on him as he changed his diaper'
He 'confessed to police that he repeatedly struck the boy killing him'
Alvarado is being held without bail on a firstdegree murder charge .
Ronda Rousey was at the Fast & Furious 7 premiere in Los Angeles .
The UFC champion features in the blockbuster film released on April 3 .
The appearance follows her starring role in WWE Wrestlemania 31 .
Her agent has said the WWE performance was a oneoff occasion .
CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news .
Dorothy Brown: Shooting by cop might have followed usual narrative of blaming black suspects .
But video in Walter Scott's fatal shooting showed the truth Brown says .
With hindsight from Michael Brown case North Charleston did the right thing with arrest .
European eagleowl caught on camera perched on birdwatcher's head .
Large bird has been terrorising Dutch town of Noordeinde for months .
Twitchers have flocked to the town hoping to catch sighting of bird .
Carrick made just his 33rd appearance for England in Italy on Tuesday .
The midfielder has been overlooked by a succession of England managers .
This is despite being the main man at Manchester United for years .
Roy Hodgson seems to have realised the importance of Carrick .
But England may have won a major tournament with him in the side .
Jason Denayer has impressed for Celtic while on loan this season .
The Parkhead outfit are keen to keen to sign the youngster permanently and hope that parent club Manchester City will release him .
However City boss Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to strengthen their homegrown talent pool .
Denayer 19 entered City's youth academy in 2013 and fits the bill .
Barack Obama made announcement following high profile cyber attacks .
Says hackers targeting U.S. from places including Russia China and Iran .
Critical of 'governments unable or unwilling' to go after 'bad actors'
New order allows treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved .
It is hoped the power will take away the financial incentive behind attacks .
Jessa 22 and her husband Ben Seewald 19 revealed earlier this month that they are expecting their first child in November .
The couple are known to be incredibly passionate about health and fitness .
Jessa’s older sister Jill who gave birth earlier this month remained very active throughout her pregnancy .
Heidi Bretscher 28 was running the marathon in Raleigh North Carolina .
At a point where the course splits she ran in the wrong direction .
A couple of helpful traffic cops brought her back on course for her to win first place .
Tianwen Chen and wife found a baby girl in a box by the road in 1989 .
They carried her home even though they had little money to live off .
Since then they have adopted more and more disabled children .
Sadly nine of the children died and the couple soon used up their savings .
Donations from the public mean they now have a brand new home .
Nigel Short said women should accept they're ‘hardwired very differently’
Made comments when explaining why there were so few women in chess .
Female chess players reacted angrily to Mr Short’s statements last night .
Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years .
Husband doesn't have permanent address or permanent employment .
Baidoo is granted permission to send divorce papers via Facebook .
BethuneCookman University student Damian Parks 22 drowned on Sunday .
He and four friends had gone swimming in Daytona Beach at 3am after barhopping Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue said .
Strong currents pulled Parks out to sea and his body was found on Monday .
Friends who were with him said there 'was no foul play at all' and that Parks had not been drinking nor was he impaired in any way .
The five students were part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience which formed last year .
Parks' mother Carolyn Parks who lost another son aged 16 six months ago said that her son was not a good swimmer .
Danny Welbeck faces fitness test for Arsenal following England duty .
Gunners are without Alex OxladeChamberlain due to hamstring complaint .
Daniel Sturridge & Adam Lallana may be fit after pulling out England squad .
Dejan Lovren set to replace suspended Martin Skrtel in defence .
Steven Gerrard also ruled out following red card vsManchester United .
50yearold man died after suffering a suspected heart attack on holidays .
He collapsed after ordering breakfast at a restaurant in 101 Legian Hotel .
The dead man is believed that he was from Seymour in Victoria .
An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death .
The man had earlier told a waitress he was not feeling well .
Kuta is a holiday destination loved by Australian tourists .
The defense petition to return Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility she was initially sent to was denied on Friday .
Jamie Silvonek has been charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy .
Her boyfriend Caleb Barnes 20 is charged with homicide .
Cheryl Silvonek's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia .
Authorities said Silvonek met Barnes when she was 13 but said she was 17 .
Before the killing Silvonek allegedly texted Barnes 'I want her gone'
Landon and Lorie Carnie were on first flight of Operation Babylift in 1975 .
Vietnamese orphans and children were evacuated before the Fall of Saigon .
Plane crashed in one of the worst humanitarian disasters of Vietnam War .
17monthold twins thought to have died with 80 other babies and children .
Taken to adoptive parents in U.S. where they grew up in Washington State .
DC partners introduce DC Super Hero Girls intended for girls 612 .
Reaction mostly favorable  but some caveats .
Sewol ferry sank a year ago off the coast of South Korea killing 304 people .
Families hold protests vigils say not much has been resolved since sinking .
Government has yet to decide whether to raise the ferry .
Hometown of Stephanie Scott paid tribute to the murdered teacher with a stunning hotair balloon display .
More than a dozen hot air balloons hovered above the small community in Canowindra .
Hundreds gathered to mourn the tragic death of the 26yearold after she was murdered last week .
Friends and family gathered for a memorial picnic on Saturday  the day she would have been married .
Biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland studied how wild great tits reacted to images of the wings of butterflies and the faces of owls .
The tits were startled and tried to flee at the sight of owl faces with open eyes and butterflies that had eye spots on them that mimiced owl eyes .
They say their study is evidence that butterfly eye spots mimic predators .
Scientists have long debated whether butterfly eye spots were an example of Batesian mimicry or if the patterns simply served to confuse predators .
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday .
He was the assistant secretary general of the JamaateIslami party .
Militia group collaborated with Pakistani army in 1971 independence war .
His supporters slammed the decision and have called for a protest .
Michelle Carter 18 appeared in New Bedford court Thursday over the involuntary manslaughter of Conrad Roy II 18 who killed himself last July .
Carter 'sent Roy a series of texts encouraging him to take his own life'
Her lawyers claim she is 'bewildered at the charges' and have asked for the case to be moved because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin .
They claim she was actually trying to help Roy .
Roy was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in his idling truck .
Carter told a friend she was worried that the police were checking his text messages saying: 'I'm done ... I could go to jail'
After he died she raised money for suicide prevention and wrote on Twitter about how much she missed him .
Carter who was 17 at the time is free on bail but can't text or use social media .
The map created by Yale University reveals public opinion in all 50 states 435 districts and 3000 counties .
Overall just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans .
Climate change concern ranges from 38 per cent in Pickett County Tennessee to 74 per cent in Washington DC .
Navinder Singh Sarao 36 is accused of causing the May 2010 'flash crash'
Officials believe that he used software to make fake transactions .
He was first warned about alleged illicit trading back in 2009 .
Sarao continued his alleged manipulation well into this year .
'How this continued for six years  kind of boggles my mind'  Analyst .
Cosmetic dermatologist to the stars Fredric Brandt was found dead at his Coconut Grove home in Miami on Sunday aged 65 .
Joy Behar tweeted: 'Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest nicest most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with. He will be sorely missed'
Kelly Ripa posted: 'My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr. Fredric Brandt. My friend. You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer'
Colleague Dr Robert Anolik who worked with Brandt at his clinic posted a moving tribute on Monday saying he had lost a 'close friend'
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging .
Brandt was said to have been 'devastated' over rumors comparing him to a character on the show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt .
Ander Herrera impresses with two goals for Manchester United in victory .
Wayne Rooney also finds the back of the net against Aston Villa in 31 win .
Brad Guzan the best performer for Tim Sherwood's side at Old Trafford .
Medics told the family of Margaret Hesketh she was riddled with tumours .
Relatives say she was then put on discredited treatment for the dying .
Had fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away .
Family say postmortem exam found no sign of cancer in the grandmother .
Everything you need to know about how the UK election really works .
Things like: The candidates the issues who's likely to win the importance of bacon sandwiches .
Plus if the Queen isn't in charge what does she do?
Lenny Mordarski was rudely awakened when he fell asleep before takeoff on a South West Airlines flight on Thursday .
A female passenger sitting next to him was jabbing him with a ballpoint .
He said: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees and then waking up and going 'owww'
More than 600 million people will wager £500 million on Saturday's race .
Four out of ten Britons admit to picking their horse because of the name .
Seven out of ten women make their selection for the big race by pot luck .
Champion jockey and 2010 winner Tony McCoy will retire after the race .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has been found guilty of ignoring a notice to improve a property he coowns in Accrington Lancashire .
House had broken windows and doors with rubbish strewn across a yard .
The terrace property was left derelict by the owners for three years .
Liverpool manager suffered defeat by Aston Villa in the FA Cup on Sunday .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will address Congress on Wednesday .
Paul Sracic: Abe has a lot riding on TPP trade agreement .
Tulsa reserve deputy Robert Bates was silent as he appeared in court in Tulsa on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to 2nddegree manslaughter .
Despite the charges the judge told the millionaire retiree that he is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas .
Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser when he shot Eric Harris who was fleeing from a sting operation on April 2 .
On Tuesday Harris' family said that while they continue to mourn the loss of their loved one Bates will be enjoying his 'wealth and privilege' abroad .
Australia have relaxed their policy on selecting overseas players .
The Wallabies can now pick 'elite' players based abroad .
Provided they have 60 caps and seven years of service at home .
Matt Giteau has starred for Toulon in recent seasons .
The former Wallabies fly half is set for a recall for the World Cup .
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has warned Brendan Rodgers that any bumper deal offered to Raheem Sterling could upset other Liverpool players .
Sterling has recently rejected terms of £100000 per week at the Anfield club .
The England international is widely regarded as one of the best young talents this country has to offer .
Speaking ahead of West Ham's game with Leicester Allardyce also took time to defend underfire Foxes boss Nigel Pearson .
Pearson was part of Allardyce's coaching staff when he managed Newcastle .
Fossils of a creature bearing a striking similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection .
It is thought the fossil was found in Cromarty and would have once lived in a freshwater lake between 542 million years ago to 251 million years ago .
Researchers have revealed that Pterichthyoides milleri  or 'Pessie'  lived on the bottom of the lakes that would later become Loch Ness .
Per Mertesacker twisted his ankle in FA Cup semifinal at Wembley .
Scans revealed the standin Arsenal captain escaped serious injury .
Arsenal beat Reading 21 after extratime in Saturday's match .
They host Premier League leaders Chelsea on Sunday at 4pm .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
With nearly all voting precincts reporting results Emanuel had 55.5 per cent of the vote compared to 44.5 per cent for his opponent .
Mayoral candidate Cook County Commissioner Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia said he had called Emanuel to concede .
Mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago .
Maxwell Morton 16 from Pennsylvania will be tried as an adult for shooting Ryan Mangan .
Mother of Morton's friend told police her son received Snapchat image of him with victim  message had Maxwell written across it .
He admitted to shooting Mangan after police found 9mm handgun hidden in his house .
Both teens were juniors at Jeannette High School .
Morton was also charged with firstdegree murder and one count of possession of a firearm by a minor .
Morton's lawyer and family said the two boys were friends and there was no bad blood between them .
Body discovered in Pontypridd property identified as Tracey Woodford 47 .
She is thought to have been attacked in woodland before being taken to flat .
She was 'liked and loved by all' and would 'help anyone' family said .
Man named locally as Christopher May 50 charged over the murder .
Bafetimbi Gomis to miss games against Leicester Newcastle and Stoke .
Gomis got  injured against Everton after a run of four goals in seven games .
The 29yearold Frenchman aims to return for Arsenal on May 11 .
Brawl at Spring Gardens station in Philadelphia was captured on CCTV .
Fight involved students from nearby Benjamin Franklin High School .
At one point an attacker falls onto the tracks but manages to get back up .
After the confrontation the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
Police were called to the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday .
Father and other family members did not know toddler was in the driveway .
The incident was deemed an accident and no charges were filed .
The toddler died in the hospital just days before her second birthday .
Researchers developed a model that combined longterm fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office .
As the North Sea warms the number of popular species is likely to fall .
The prices of these staple fish could also rise as they become more rare .
John dory and red mullet may replace haddock plaice and lemon sole .
Carlos Tevez is yet to make a final decision on his future at Juventus .
Tevez's current deal at the Serie A giants is due to expire in 2016 .
Boca Juniors president Daniel Angelici claimed Tevez is close to returning .
Transfer talk intensified when Tevez replicated famous Boca celebration .
Debra Lobo 55 is unconscious but is expected to survive after being shot Thursday police say .
She is vice principal of the Jinnah Medical and Dental College in Karachi .
Police: She was on her way to pick up her daughters from school when she was shot .
April 26 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl tragedy  and the site sees more visitors today than ever .
Several private tour operators lead excursions into the Exclusion Zone a nearly 50kilometre contamination radius .
However in order to enter tourists must obtain a pass and go through multiple security check points .
Though there are several abandoned villages in the zone the most popular site to visit is the ghost town of Pripyat .
Laura Everley had bloating back pain constipation and bladder problems .
Thought she was suffering from irritable bowel syndrome or endometriosis .
Saw a Facebook post on ovarian cancer symptoms and realised she had it .
Test confirmed she did have cancer and she underwent a hysterectomy .
Then had chemotherapy  and lost her hair  but doctors are now confident she can beat the disease .
The animation was the work of Joe Penna and Jeff Schweikart .
Penna aka MysteryGuitarMan was assisted by three people .
Project took the group between threetofour days to complete .
Video features a robot finding love of his life on another planet .
Sutherland Council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach .
Cronulla and Wanda beach are often ignored by tourists due to expenses .
This motion was proposed due to the economic boost backpackers bring .
Seasoned travellers spend $700 on eating out and shopping during a stay .
Some locals believe it cannot be done due to rising land values in Cronulla .
Four Chelsea stars took part in Audi's football challenge .
They were tasked with various challenges involving the expensive cars .
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake faced Willian and Loic Remy in the video .
Willian accidentally smashes the wing mirror of one of the Audi's .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Student Martina Levato 23 wrote a list of her exboyfriends a court heard .
Accused of carrying out attacks  with current lover Alexander Boettcher 30 .
Lewis Hamilton took victory for the Silver Arrows at the Chinese Grand Prix .
Nico Rosberg claims Hamilton ruined his race by driving slowly .
Tectonica responsible for websites of more than 200 Labour candidates .
The Argentinian link is an 'embarrassment' for Miliband Tories claimed .
David Adam Pate from Lancaster North Carolina killed Ricky James in 2013 .
Lured him into some woods with wine before knifing him 39 times .
Dumped his body in a creek but it was found a month later by children .
Told police he used a knife 'like the one Michael Myers used in Halloween'
25yearold pleaded guilty to the brutal slaying in court on Thursday .
Victim's brothers said they hope he suffers in prison and is the 'devil'
One of them stormed out of court screaming after testifying at sentencing .
Manchester City reached FA Youth Cup final with win over Leicester City .
Substitute Isaac Buckley scored to cancel out Layton Ndukwu opener .
Brandon Barker added a second in stoppage time to win the game .
Chelsea are their opponents in the final having beaten Tottenham 54 .
Twoleg final takes place on April 20 and 27 with City at home first .
An Afghan lawmaker is among 64 people wounded in the attack police say .
Taliban spokesman denies his group was responsible for the attack .
Former secretary of state will make her visit to the Granite State as a proclaimed 2016 candidate this week .
Paul and other Republican presidential contenders are in in town for a GOP summit in Nashua .
The Kentucky senator also took a swipe at the GOP field: 'They all look alike all sound alike they all dress alike and nothing ever changes'
Speaking about Libya he charged that 'they would have just done the same thing ten times over' as President Barack Obama .
Eddie Hearn made offer to Carl Frampton live on television .
Talks for a fight against Scott Quigg have stalled leading to Hearn's offer .
But IBF superbantamweight world champion was scathing in reply .
Hearn then hit back at Frampton on Twitter .
CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
20yearold American dancer makes $240 a month at Kremlin Ballet Theatre .
Joy Womack studied at Bolshoi Ballet Academy but left in cloud of controversy .
Witness who took the video says "Mr. Scott didn't deserve this"
North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager is fired .
The city orders an additional 150 body cameras .
Afzal Khan accused of conning customers and financial firms in US .
Federal agents hunting the 32yearold fear he may have fled the country .
Flamboyant Khan from Edinburgh was known to his clients as 'Bobby'
He ran the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey and appeared on reality TV .
Danny Ings' contract expires in the summer and is set to leave Burnley .
Real Sociedad want to take Ings to La Liga on a free transfer .
Manager David Moyes faces competition from Liverpool among others .
Firm previously revealed smart cocktail dress that can repel people .
Is also developing wrist mounted drones .
Intel also showed off button sized computer and wrist mounted drone .
Kelsey Higley filmed her body in 126 different digitally altered poses .
Student wanted to show how body would look if she modeled it 'like clay'
'Manipulation' project challenges changing images of beauty .
Vimeo video features nippedin waist large breasts and huge eyes .
Newcastle boss John Carver is under huge pressure to perform in his role .
Toon fans are planning to protest against club owner Mike Ashley .
Carver could also be targeted for his poor record in his job so far .
He has turned to predecessors Alan Pardew and Alan Shearer for advice .
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his flat in Hampstead north London .
The transfer happened after police raided his office in the House of Lords .
Documents show the deeds were passed without charge to his children .
Lawyers representing his alleged victims have asked for answers .
Tsarnaev family members arrive in Boston but it's not clear if they'll testify .
A woman testifies that she had to choose whether to keep her leg some other victims had no choice .
Starting Monday the defense is expected to call witnesses to explain Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's difficult upbringing .
The 2014 Amateur champion was making his Masters debut at Augusta .
Bradley Neil missed the cut after finishing 13 over par in second round .
Scot admitted he has found it difficult competing on professional tour .
SNP leader sparked outrage after refusing to rule out another vote .
Clegg says SNP would keep asking the question until they get right answer .
Warns demands for another vote will destabilise economy across UK .
ISIS attacked the Baiji oil refinery Saturday .
The refinery Iraq's largest has long been a lucrative target for militants .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .
Arsene Wenger's contract at Arsenal has two more years to run until 2017 .
Nigel Winterburn believes the club should let Wenger see out his deal .
Nicky Buckley has released a tellall memoir of her life .
The book shares a candid insight into her careerdefining moments .
A whole chapter is dedicated to when she revealed her baby bump on TV .
Buckley now shares how she dealt with the abuse she faced being a pregnant presenter .
Spanish paper SPORT say Barcelona want to sign Juventus' Paul Pogba .
La Liga leaders are thought to be offering £50million for the midfielder .
Real Madrid are looking to win their last 10 games to overtake Barca .
Charles Kingham 86 and Pauline Moore 68 had their home pelted with eggs stones and even cooking fat on a weekly basis .
Thugs banged on their door and urinated on garden flowers .
Couple were forced to board up all the windows for protection .
Ms Moore says yobs turned dream seaside home into living hell .
Shaun Worthington's car veered into truck moments after text was sent .
He was driving home from a speed awareness course an inquest heard .
The 29yearold's mother said his death had 'blown our world apart'
She made a plea for motorists not to use their mobile phones when driving .
Jack Wilshere captained Arsenal Under 21s against Reading Under 21s .
Gunners first team players Abou Diaby and Serge Gnabry also featured .
Niall Keown scored with a header for the Royals after only eight minutes .
Vincent Kompany says beating Manchester United can 'rectify' the season .
Manchester City were beaten 21 away to inform Crystal Palace .
Kompany reckons that being underdogs suits his side at Old Trafford .
READ: Sportsmail identifies five problems that need sorting at the Etihad .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
The poll surveyed 600 women from the area in and around Paris .
All claimed to have been victim of harassment on transport system .
Found half of those interviewed had been assaulted before they were 18 .
Led to calls for campaign to stem sexist and threatening behaviour .
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office falsified Robert Bates' training claim sources within the department .
Bates is officially  an 'advanced reserve' and has 480 hours of training .
However the sheriff's department cannot find the woman they claim did his firearms training .
The names of the supervisors who did his field training have been redacted .
Rafa Benitez's contract at Napoli expires at the end of the season .
He guided the Italian side to the Europa League semifinal on Thursday .
He has taken four teams to a European semifinal inside 12 years .
Chelsea are set to sign Nathan from Atletico Paranaense for £4.5m .
The 19yearold Brazilian was also wanted by Manchester City .
Nathan first showed his talent at the Under 17 World Cup in 2013 .
He has recently been embroiled in a contract dispute with his club .
READ: Chelsea open contract talks with Patrick Bamford .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of Miami Open to Tatjana Maria .
She urged herself to 'relax' after losing to Lesia Tsurenko at Indian Wells .
Canadian posed with  Sports Illustrated model Hannah Davis and Olympic medalist Kerri Walsh Jennings .
Strikes by French air traffic controllers will affect thousands of Brits today .
New border control checks may also mean major delays for holidaymakers .
BA easyJet Flybe and Ryanair among airlines forced to cancel flights .
Three days of disruption start today at 5am and end on Friday morning .
Met Office Assistant Commissioner says fanatics' tactics have changed .
Rather than largescale 9/11style attacks smaller cells are now forming .
ISIS uses videos like those featuring Jihadi John to inspire followers .
Extremists are now targeting the mentally ill and very young he said .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 42 at Old Trafford on Sunday .
Sergio Aguero gave City the lead after just eight minutes in derby .
His former teammate Mario Balotelli tweeted his delight after the goal .
But the nowLiverpool striker benefited more from City losing derby .
He and his Anfield teammates face Newcastle on Monday evening .
Mario Balotelli missed Liverpool's 41 defeat against Arsenal on Saturday .
Balotelli was absent again at Blackburn due to illness confirmed the club .
BT Sport pundit Robbie Savage branded Balotelli 'pathetic' as a result .
Balotelli responded by showing a thermometer reading 38.7C (101.66F)
The Liverpool striker used the hashtags #unluckyseason and #illbeback .
Liverpool beat Blackburn 10 thanks to Philippe Coutinho's winner .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the Boston Marathon bombing .
Jury found Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday over terror attack in 2013 .
He faces being sentenced to death or life in prison after attack killed three .
Four Seasons set out to recreate their famed hotel experience in the sky .
Jet features plush interior and leather flatbed seats designed by Iacobucci .
An all inclusive trip on private jet will set you back approximately £63000 .
The plane including the staff and crew is also available for private charter .
Two out of three versions of the Apple Watch have sapphire glass screens .
Test showed how durable the material made from synthetic crystals is .
Endured being sanded keyed rubbed struck by a hammer and drilled .
Jamal alLabani is believed to be the first American killed in current violence in Yemen .
He was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel his family said .
He went to Yemen in February in hopes of bringing his wife and baby back to the U.S.
Officer Michael Rapiejko said he needed to use lethal force to stop the suspect .
Mario Valencia was carrying a rifle and fired one round into the air .
Rapiejko said two options crossed his mind and it was too far to shoot Valencia .
Interactive graphic shows more than 231 million migrants around the world with 7.8 million immigrants in UK alone .
More than 45 million recorded in U.S. which is most popular destination for migrants before Russia with 11 million .
Data by United Nations shows how number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million in 25 years .
Was thought magnetism was responsible for aligning and binding rocks .
This could have led to  early stages of planet formation scientists said .
Rosetta results do not support theory as 67P's core is not magnetised .
Ben Stiller announces that Penelope Cruz will join cast of "Zoolander 2"
"Zoolander 2" is scheduled for release in 2016 .
Amy Wilkinson 28 falsely claimed housing benefit and Council Tax benefit .
Court gives her suspended sentence and orders her to pay back £18000 .
Her grandfather Tommy Docherty managed Man United from 1972 to 1977 .
Alex Impey is breaking the law by openly selling marijuana to customers seeking pain relief .
He sells medicinal oil from the drug at about $100 a gram and some people use up to a gram each day as treatment .
Mr Impey also teaches the terminally ill how and where to grow their own .
His "hemp store" alone receives more than 20 requests for help accessing medicinal cannabis each week .
Patients who contact him include cancer sufferers those with Parkinson's Disease Multiple Sclerosis and children with epilepsy .
Larisa Rule 3 is one of his customers and takes the drug to reduce her seizures .
Her father Peter risked two years in jail for preparing his own crop .
Sarah Theeboom from New York City gave up using hair products as a part of the 'no poo' movement .
The writer battled greasy hair and dandruff for nearly two months before locks became silkier and 'totally frizzfree'
India has launched a massive aid mission to its earthquakehit neighbor Nepal .
Disaster relief troops and tons of food water and medicine have been flown in .
Zoe Waller 31 has dermatographia and can draw designs on her own body .
Condition is a type of urticaria  where an itchy rash appears after pressure .
She says it 'doesn't hurt' and draws molecules on herself to teach students .
Has become  famous across her university and people now make requests .
Kendall 19 helps Gigi learn how to deal with negative feedback .
Gigi 19 says Kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up .
Kendall has been bullied on Instagram by fellow models .
Match.com said the winning candidate will be outgoing and mediasavvy .
The lucky singleton will stop in Rio de Janeiro Paris and New York .
The trip will last for six weeks with all hotel and travel costs covered .
Gary Locke has been interim manager since start of February .
Locke has won two and drawn four of his seven games in charge .
The 37yearold took over when Allan Johnston quit .
Buzim in north west Bosnia saw 21 sets of twins born during the civil war .
Researchers believe there are more than 200 sets of twins in the town .
More are believed to have fled due to the civil war and grinding poverty .
The mayor now wants to hold a convention for twins to boos tourism .
Twoinch long pistol is the world's smallest fullyfunctioning revolver .
Tiny gun fires purposemade bullets that are just 2.34mm in diameter .
Weapon was created by Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La ChauxdeFonds .
Each gun costs a staggering £30000 to make  but is on sale for just £4500 .
But new owners will require gun and export licences before they can buy it .
Video has emerged showing the moment 2 French tourists torch a quokka .
Footage sees men laugh after igniting the creature with aerosol and lighter .
The marsupial survived by scampering away but was singed by the flame .
Both men received $4000 fines and had their passports confiscated .
They were on a working holiday spending three months in Rottnest Island .
Haye 34 stopped as he arrived at Dubai International Airport for a holiday .
He was taken to a police station and handed over his passport .
Cheque had been the final payment on a new property in the UAE .
He says the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error .
Sir David Nicholson called on Labour to commit to spending extra on NHS .
He said the NHS has a 'substantial financial problem' which needs sorting .
The former head of NHS says black hole will be 'crystal clear' after election .
Sir David was called the 'Man With No Shame' for refusing to quit his job .
1200 died because of poor care in Stafford while he ran regional body .
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather fight in Las Vegas on Saturday .
The day of the bout is a national holiday in the Philippines .
Pacquiao can't be compared with other sports stars  there's none like him .
He has TV shows plays coaches basketball and sings .
Pacquiao is a twiceelected and popular congressman in his homeland .
Saturday's fight will be worth at least $300m .
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon led to positive tests on fleas .
Residents warned about dangers to pets especially cats .
Disease can wipe out 90 per cent of prairie dogs in a colony .
Brazilian Victoria's Secret Angel underwent medical procedure and is still recovering in hospital .
She had been suffering 'constant headaches' and had booked appointment two weeks ago Daily Mail Online told by a friend .
Motheroftwo had appeared well as she spent time at Coachella festival with celebrity friends including Kylie Jenner and Gigi Hadid .
Procedure at UCLA's Ronald Reagan Medical Center was successful and aides said she is 'fine'
Ambrosio 34 had posted on Instagram yesterday about how much she was enjoying Coachella saying: 'What a wonderful world.'
Vijay ChokalIngam says he pretended to be black to get into medical school .
He says the experience showed him that affirmative action is a flawed system .
Louise Shepherd 31 killed in Bolivia while on roundtheworld trip .
Ms Shepherd died after a tree fell on her during a jungle tour .
Recently worked at Kingston University but left in order to travel .
Jesse Roepcke 27 charged with pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia .
He is accused of riding around Ormond Beach Florida with his fiancee and shining a laser at passing cars .
During traffic stop Roepcke told police he was just having fun and didn't know shining a light in drivers' faces was illegal .
A strip search in jail revealed Roepcke had 18gram bag of marijuana in his rectum .
Andrew Hutchinson raped two women who were under general anaesthetic .
The 29yearold was working as a nurse at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford .
Admitted 23 sexual offences last month and is facing jail when sentenced .
In 2009 a student nurse complained he had inappropriate photoghraphs .
The hospital trust did not think there was sufficient evidence to tell police .
Action heroes would almost certainly die if they were worked in real life .
Medical experts have assessed several action heroes and their wounds .
James Bond risked death several times during Skyfall and even cancer .
Bond's DIY bullet removal left him at great risk of infection of paralysis .
Gaioz Nigalidze has been expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament .
Georgian champion was found using his phone in the middle of a match .
Opponent grew suspicious when he kept making trips to the toilet .
Tournament organisers then saw he had wrapped a phone in toilet paper .
Found his match was being monitored in a chess application on the phone .
Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating blaze was not an accident .
Book reveals fires at other businesses owned by or associated with then club chairman Stafford Heginbotham .
Mr Fletcher a survivor of the blaze says his findings warrant investigation .
An inquiry into fire found it was an accident caused by discarded cigarette .
West Yorkshire Police will consider any fresh evidence that comes to light .
Sterling's talks with Liverpool over new deal have ended in stalemate .
England star 20 insists he is not a 'money grabber' after turning down £100000aweek contract offer tabled by Liverpool .
PFA boss Taylor says resuming talks in the summer is a wise move .
The rise of Raheem Sterling: From £60 a day at QPR to knocking back £100000perweek contracts at Liverpool .
Liverpool FC press conference: As Raheem Sterling hints at possible exit find out what Brendan Rodgers has to say .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Festival also includes novelist Kate Mosse and explorer Ranulph Fiennes .
Event attracts more than 30000 visitors to idyllic venue in Wiltshire field .
Lord Fellowes will discuss huge social change brought by First World War .
Stephen Ward in contention for Burnley after overcoming ankle injury .
Matt Taylor close to return having been out since August .
Tottenham Hotspur without goalkeeper Hugo Lloris through knee injury .
Danny Rose and Roberto Soldado also fitness concerns for Spurs .
Lib Dem leader claims there is a real prospect of a ToryUkip alliance .
Comes after Ukip said Tories should vote tactically where they can't win .
Mr Farage dropped demand Tories ditch Cameron before post election deal .
Ukip said he's held informal talks with Tories about post election deal .
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 106 in the first round at the Cucible .
Trump led 72 overnight but made hard work in finishing Carrington off .
The 25yearold will face Marco Fu in second round of World Championship .
Bad quality sleep could be to do with the layout of your bedroom .
Infographic from Made.com shows proven interiors tactics for better rest .
Sleep experts recommended you install heavy curtains and keep pets out .
FREEDOM Act would replace PATRIOT Act when it expires on June 1 .
Careful negotiations have brought it to a House vote but the Senate is still uncertain .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has introduced a bill that would reauthorize the existing PATRIOT Act for 5 more years .
Civil liberties activists are upset over masssurveillance carried out by the NSA and exposed by leaker Edward Snowden .
A wolf spider races across a kitchen floor in Hallett Cove South Australia .
Unluckily for it it's spotted by a man who smashes it with a broom .
Following a few whacks hundreds of babies burst out of the female spider .
After hatching spider babies crawl onto the mother's back and stay there .
As most of the the spiders are now dead the man sweeps them all up .
SS guard Charlotte S trained her Alsatian to bite at inmates' private parts .
Gisela S locked up to 15 prisoners in a tiny 'standing cell' for days .
Gertrud Elli Senff revelled in the power of playing 'God' with people's lives .
She picked who lived and who was sent to the gas chambers to die .
But all three women  now frail and in their 90s  will never face justice .
Manchester United lead Manchester City in Premier League ahead of derby .
Manuel Pellegrini's side are in poor form ahead of Old Trafford clash .
Louis van Gaal has found a system to suit his Man United squad .
Ander Herrera Juan Mata and Wayne Rooney are in fine form .
The defence may struggle but our XI has plenty of playmakers and goals .
Manchester United vs Manchester City: The experts view of the big derby .
Home Secretary Theresa May warned last night that lives will be in danger if Britain is saddled with a hung Parliament unable to pass antiterror laws .
Said new legislation is urgently needed to update  MI5 and GCHQ's powers .
But based on current polling Parliament could be left deadlocked .
Maickel Melamed who has muscular dystrophy took part in the 2015 Boston Marathon .
He completed the race 20 hours after the start .
Despite rainy weather fans and friends cheered for the 39yearold .
Andrea Lindsay 43 from Prescot Merseyside transformed her appearance .
Downloaded £4.99 Easy Loss' Virtual Gastric Band  Lose Weight Fast app .
Dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in just six months .
Husband Robbie's colleagues thought he'd traded her in for a new model .
Billy Mitchell was born with Apert syndrome  a rare condition that causes malformations to the skull face hands and feet .
Youngster has endured a series of major operations to correct deformities .
Surgeons cracked open his skull before piecing it back together again .
Sevenyearold had a titanium frame drilled into his skull for nine weeks .
Julia Van Herck used to binge on tubs of ice cream and familysized pizzas .
Mumofthree blamed postnatal blues and 'not talking' to her husband .
Wakeup call came in 2011 when a bout of pneumonia knocked her for six .
Weightloss surgery followed and now Julia weighs just 11 stone .
Joe Root has been terrific to bounce back from a difficult time in Australia .
Root's 182* in the first innings in Grenada showed he is a steely competitor .
He looks a natural No 3 but England shouldn't move him from current spot .
The captaincy always wears players down and it isn't his time yet .
Ben Stokes is right to be passionate but needs to keep his cool as well .
Justin Rose finished joint runnerup at the Masters 2015 on 14underpar .
Rose's final total has only been bettered six times at the the Masters .
Rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .
CLICK HERE for all the latest news and reaction following the Masters .
Liverpool FC boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted Pedro .
Barcelona forward Pedro is considering his future at the Nou Camp .
Raheem Sterling could leave Liverpool after rejecting £100000aweek deal .
Arsenal Chelsea and Manchester City are keen on the Liverpool star .
Adrian Durham: The real problem with Sterling contract saga at Liverpool .
READ: Real Madrid ARE monitoring Raheem Sterling reveals Zidane .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Golf's first major of the season the Masters tees off on Thursday April 9 .
Rory McIlroy is bidding for a career grand slam while Tiger Woods is back .
Extreme weather conditions including high temperatures and storms have been forecast across the four day event in Augusta .
CLICK HERE for all the latest news from The Masters 2015 .
Scientists at Grand Valley State University Michigan studied elite runners .
They found the men tended to have greater competitive drive than women .
Women tend to prioritise other aspects of their lives like academic studies .
Mohamed Salah scores as Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 20 in Serie A .
On loan Chelsea winger scores second as his side go fourth .
Roma beat Napoli 10 for first home win in four months .
Carlos Tevez strikes as Juventus maintain huge lead at the top .
AlShabaab claims responsibility for the attack .
A car bomb explodes outside the front gate of the education ministry building in Mogadishu .
Assailants storm the building and engage in a gunbattle with guards .
Memo damningly states UK may no longer be 'centrally relevant' to the US .
Congressional Research Service which gives confidential analysis warns of turmoil if there is a hung parliament following general election .
Organisations such as the G20 group of major economies has led to a decline in the ‘influence and centrality of the relationship'
Mesut Ozil failed to deliver against Chelsea despite a perfect opportunity .
Cesc Fabregas would have had a bigger impact at Arsenal this season .
Ozil showed poor technique when he had the chance to be a match winner .
He may be a Juan Sebastian Veron Andriy Shevchenko or Fernando Torres .
READ MORE: Brendan Rodgers is ruining Rickie Lambert's career .
READ MORE: Manchester United need to raid Borussia Dortmund .
Spain defender courtside with his wife Shakira at Barcelona Open .
Pique played in Barcelona's 20 win over Espanyol on Saturday .
Kei Nishikori won in straights sets over surprise finalist Pablo Andujar .
World No 5 crowned Barcelona Open champion for second year in a row .
Gloria Ross was found with a distorted face when grandson visited her .
He raised alarm with nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital North East London .
But they said she was ‘just tired’ and that senior nurse was ‘on a break’
Later discovered she'd had stroke  and she never regained consciousness .
Radical claim was made by 58yearold Canadian Andre Gignac .
Spotted 'bunker' in an image taken by the Nasa rover Opportunity .
'You can see a person behind the bunker's window' Gignac claims .
Nasa expert says the 'bunker' is simply effect of shadows in the image .
The world No 1 defeated Tomas Berdych 75 46 63 in Monte Carlo .
Novak Djokovic is first player to win opening three Masters 1000 events .
Serbia star defeated clay court specialist Rafael Nadal in semifinals .
Alison Saunders won't quit because 'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'
Head of CPS decided against pressing charges against Lord Janner .
She was persuaded against taking a case by the Labour peer's dementia .
She said: 'I thought long and hard  and I'm confident I got it right'
Tryster won the Coral Easter Classic at All Weather Finals in Lingfield .
Jockey William Buick predicted bright future for the Winter Derby winner .
Godolphin stable dominated the event with three winners in feature races .
In the new chapter released on Friday Clinton shared her experiences as a grandmother and how they had motivated her political plans .
She recalled how disorganized she had been before the birth of Chelsea whereas Chelsea had been so composed before becoming a mother .
The Clintons 'whooped' with delight when Charlotte was born last September and Hillary noticed Bill becoming emotional .
While she had been nervous about being a mother being a grandmother is 'pure joy'  and has made her think about all children's futures she said .
She is expected to announce her run for president on Sunday .
Those named Nigel are twice as likely to vote Ukip according to research .
The three names most likely to vote Tory are Charlotte Fiona and Pauline .
And those named Michelle June or Andy are likely to vote for Labour .
Taxpayer money used to pay for an 'army' of spin doctors in local areas .
The number of communications staff in local government more than 3400 .
Total is more than double the number working across central government .
London has 425 members of PR staff working across its local authorities .
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to Workplace Relations Productivity Commission .
Supermarket giant was slammed by union secretary Tony Sheldon .
He accused Aldi of reintroducing serfdom and 'trying to strip workers of their rights'
Former Australia captain and commentator Benaud passed away  aged 84 .
David Lloyd had the privilege of commentating alongside Benaud .
Benaud's attention to detail was second to none says Lloyd .
He had an incredible relationship with Tony Greig and Bill Lawry .
READ: Benaud's family offered state funeral by Tony Abbott .
Warrington Wolves host Castleford Tigers on Easter Monday .
Daryl Clark will be facing the hometown club he left last year .
Wolves are keen to end a a threematch Super League losing streak .
Widnes Viking will rest a host of regular for visit to Catalan Dragons .
Man identified as Felix David 24 shot in chest by police in East Village .
Sources say the robbery suspect hit officer over head with his own radio .
Two officers had head injuries though they were not serious .
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks basketball game on Tuesday night .
One of his favorite NFL players was watching from the sidelines  Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt .
When he finished the 26yearold athlete ran across the court to congratulate him with the heartwarming moment caught on camera .
PSG host Barcelona in the first leg of their Champions League quarterfinal .
Paris SaintGermain are without the suspended Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
In his absence Edinson Cavani must raise his game as the main attacker .
The Uruguayan is being courted by Louis van Gaal at Manchester United .
Cavani will come up against Luis Suarez who was born in the same town .
Bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in D.C. Tuesday .
CNN's Brian Todd and Khalil Abdallah paused to capture the scene .
Iona Costello 51 and daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 .
Were heading into Manhattan to visit the theater when they disappeared .
Mom's stepson George Costello Jr was visiting the Hamptons at the time .
Has a long criminal record and has a tense relationship with the family .
He returned to Florida two days after they went missing and was jailed .
Police have so far said they do not suspect foul play is involved .
Mathew Sitko 23 crashed his car and ended up hanging over a cliff edge in Lewiston Idaho in an 'emotional episode' Wednesday morning .
Jason Warnock 29 was nearby when he saw the car above so he climbed up a footbridge and ran to the edge of the cliff and pulled the man out .
He needed to leave to go to work but was tracked down after the picture quickly spread online .
Mexican restaurant has decided to tap into $70 billion food delivery market .
Fastcasual chain will work with the Postmates app to allow mobile orders .
App works in similar way to Uber using hired drivers to deliver the food .
But the chain will add a 9% service charge  on top of Postmates' $5 rate .
Paul Parker played for Manchester United QPR and Fulham among others .
The right back also made 19 international appearances for England .
Parker's expired passport was listed for sale on eBay for £5000 .
Right sagittal stratum of brain is key to recognising sarcastic comments .
Neuroscientists at John Hopkins Medical School scanned the brains of 24 stroke patients and tested their ability to detect sarcasm in 40 sentences .
The sagittal stratum is a bundle of white matter below the cerebral cortex .
The findings may help treat stroke patients who struggle to detect sarcasm .
Danny Ings is being targeted by Manchester United in the summer .
Louis van Gaal has been impressed with the Burnley forward this season .
Ings is likely to be one of a number of signings for the Red Devils .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Teenage suicide bomber Abu Hafs al Badri is referred to as the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr alBaghdadi .
In January a 14yearold fighter Abu Hassan alShami blew himself up in Salahuddin province Iraq .
The rise in ISIS teenage suicide bombers could indicate how much the jihadi group is struggling to keep territory .
Flytippers dumped 40 tonnes of waste in WalshamleWillows Suffolk .
Police believe culprits used three tractors and trailers to transport rubbish .
An officer described it as the worst case he has seen in almost 30 years .
Plant in Zhangzhou Fujian province is used to make a toxic chemical .
Nineteen people required medical treatment after blast caused by oil leak .
Plant produces paraxylene which can cause eye nose and throat irritation .
It is the second accident at the controversial plant in 20 months .
It took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring blaze under control .
Reading beat Bradford City in their FA Cup quarterfinal replay last month .
Charlie Sumner 20 invaded Reading's Madejski Stadium pitch in March .
He did four front flips during FA clash before being tackled by the stewards .
Sumner from Wokingham faces threeyear ban for home and away games .
But he said he has no regrets and that his family had 'seen the funny side'
New programming tools can rapidly adapt Apple and Android apps .
Firm also revealed new browser to replace IE will be called Edge .
Harlequins and England fullback Mike Brown may not play again this season due to ongoing concussion issues .
The 29yearold has not played since returning from international duty last month after being knocked out in a Six Nations game against Italy .
Nine weeks later Brown is still suffering from headaches and nausea .
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea has insisted that he does not blame the England setup for Brown's injury .
Novak Djokovic lost his cool during Sunday's final showdown in Miami .
Djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after Andy Murray won set .
The Serbian tennis champ asked the youngster for his 'forgiveness'
He said he got emotional because 'Andy was playing well'
Parent Genti Rustemi 45 dropping off daughter and refused to slow down .
He took child to school then returned and punched lollipop man John Doyle to the floor in 'repugnant' attack in front of schoolchildren .
Chip shop bosses admitted attack and given suspended sentence .
Grandfather says Rustemi's failure to stop was 'like going through a red light' and both he and the children 'could have been run over'
Dominique Johnson 19 was arrested on Wednesday and has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery .
She is the roommate and alleged girlfriend of Jamyra Gallmon 21 who last week was charged with firstdegree murder .
David Messerschmitt 30 was stabbed to death on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel in Washington D.C.
Gallmon has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer so that he was expecting to meet a man for gay sex at the hotel .
When she attempted to rob him they got into a struggle and she pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed him repeatedly .
Melbourne based fashion brand Elliott Label makes it in Hollywood .
Founder Kylie Gulliver has partnered with Pussycat Dolls' Robin Antin .
The pair initially met through Instagram .
Stars including Drew Barrymore and Mimie Elashiry attended US launch .
The luxe label features leather staples and tailored pieces in range .
Next the design duo are set to launch sport range .
James Anderson became England's leading wickettaker on Friday .
The 32yearold believes he 'can still improve as a bowler'
Anderson reveals he's still learning despite playing 100 games for England .
READ: Jimmy Anderson shows quiet guys do win says Nasser Hussain .
William McCollom the chief of police in Peachtree City Georgia called 911 on January 1 to say he had accidentally shot his wife Margaret .
Margaret was left paralyzed below the waist and believes it was an accident .
McCollom resigned from chief position in March after working in policing for nearly three decades .
He was indicted on a recklessconduct charge on Wednesday .
Gulam Chowdhury stabbed victim Mohammed Afzal 20 times in March 2014 .
Chowdhury quoted verses of the Quran before stabbing him repeatedly .
Mr Afzal had been also involved with Choudhury's girlfriend Nargis Riaz .
Chowdhury was convicted of murder and will be sentenced on May 1 .
Pat Senior runs rescue centre from her home in Bolton Great Manchester .
Grandmother 66 adopts pets from as far away as Romania and Hungary .
She spends £240 a week on food and £17000 a year on vet's bills .
Mrs Senior started taking in dogs in 1981 and currently has 19 animals .
Canadianborn designer Tanya Heath wanted to create a comfortable heel .
Button inside shoe releases the interchangeable heel and also locks it in .
Hundreds of heels available in varying heights styles and designs .
Recruiting sergeant accused of series of sex attacks in 2010 and 2011 .
One victim says she became pregnant after she was raped by him .
He denies all charges and tells a court the offences 'did not happen'
In crossexamination he tells jury that the Army was 'his life'
The Austrian skier worked with the team at Red Bull to create the multicoloured skiing video .
Poles filled with biodegradable powder were positioned on an enhanced slope which erupted as he went passed .
It took six GoPros two Phantom cameras and three RED Epic Dragon cameras to capture the event .
Kenedy has been linked with a number of top European clubs .
Chelsea are in pole position to sign the 19yearold forward this summer .
His economic rights have been sold to the agent that represents Chelsea's Brazilian trio Oscar Willian and Ramires .
READ: Oscar wasn't good enough says Mourinho after Chelsea beat Stoke .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Labour Leader Ed Miliband attacked the Tories for trying to 'privatise' NHS .
Strategy backfired as Welsh First Minister's father sought private treatment .
Carwyn Jones' father Caron has a hip operation at a private Bridgend clinic .
Said he paid because Welsh NHS could not perform procedure soon enough .
Gertrude Weaver 116 of Camden Arkansas became the world's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of a lady in Japan .
She attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .
Gertrude would like to meet the president at her birthday party on 4 July because she has voted for him twice .
She was born in Arkansas near the Texas border in 1898 and worked as a domestic helper .
Prince Harry is to begin a monthlong military attachment in Australia .
He'll be leaving the British armed forces in June .
Chief executive George Whitesides says new spacecraft is nearly ready .
He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year .
Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014 .
Copilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured .
A U.S. drone strike accidentally killed hostages Warren Weinstein and Giovanni Lo Porto .
Michael Rubin: Hostages such as journalist Jason Rezaian are canaries in the coal mine .
David Priestley called 999 three times and waited an hour for ambulance .
His wife Diane was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue .
Ambulance trust admitted delay due to incorrect priority by callhandler .
Mr Priestley said he is tormented by thought his wife may have survived .
Ellie Laing spoke out against claims of being hired for looks alone .
The Australian claimed Jim Carroll only employed pretty AngloCeltic girls .
The article claims SBS is having an 'attractive' overhaul to boost ratings .
It's believed Karen Middleton SBS political reporter's departure comes after she didn't   'fit the bill'
Laing said article did not take into account decade of working 'damn hard'
Told Daily Mail Australia that reaction to her letter has been supportive .
For the first time in 75 years the California Department of Water Resources has found no snow during its survey of the Sierra Nevada in early April .
NASA images showing  the snowpack across the Tuolumne River Basin   show a marked decrease since last April .
California depends on the snow to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs .
Gov. Brown ordered sweeping unprecedented measures to save water in the state on Wednesday .
Cemeteries golf courses and business headquarters must significantly cut back on watering the large landscapes .
The governor's order contains no water reduction target for farmers .
Initiatives are part of the goal to reduce water use by 25 percent compared to levels in 2013 .
ASU linebacker Davon Durant 19 was arrested last month after he allegedly hit his girlfriend of 18 months in the face and choked her .
Kelsi Langley 19 posted his bail and recanted her story to police the next day .
Witness called 911 on the day of alleged attack saying he had seen a man hit a woman in a car .
Durant pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault and disorderly conduct and has been suspended indefinitely from the team .
Langley later claimed she got angry with Durant and lied to police .
Said finger marks on her neck were hickeys and her eyes were red from crying not bruised .
The female ASU student and a civil rights activist accused police of making Durant out to be a thug .
#tacocannon trends in Omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos .
The cannon will shoot off tacos at University of NebraskaOmaha's new arena .
Ed Miliband has admitted that he cried watching the British film Pride .
Movie centres on the 1984 miners' strike and a group of gays and lesbians .
Billy Elliott and Brassed Off could also get the Labour leader blubbing .
British driver Will Stevens did not compete in Australia or Malaysia .
He hopes Manor's problems are now over and he will be able to race .
The Chinese Grand Prix takes place in Shanghai on Sunday .
Former first lady told White House usher she wanted to see him alone .
New book makes claims she spent hours reading and looking 'heartbroken'
President Bill Clinton admitted to affair with Monica Lewinsky that year .
Account is by former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News .
County Championship 2015 season to begin on Sunday .
Yorkshire looking to defend their Division One title .
Mark Butcher backs Sussex to win Division One this year .
Kevin Pietersen and Surrey will be focus of attention in Division Two .
Former prime minister says Nicola Sturgeon's answers are 'all evasion'
But that her party want 'constitutional crisis' to force another referendum .
Warned voters on May 7 will decide Scotland's future for next few years .
Mr Brown urged people to vote Labour to end bedroom tax food bank poverty zerohours contracts and the neglect of the NHS .
Johanna Powell from Cardiff is feared to have drowned in the Mekong river .
Picture editor for BBC Wales was on 'trip of a lifetime' to Laos with friends .
Cruise boat hit a rock in a stretch of rapids and sank within minutes .
Huge search launched over 20km of river to try and find missing woman .
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground on Friday .
The 11year old was camping in the Victorian national park with his family .
Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .
Police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .
They have issued an extensive description of Luke and his clothing .
The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property .
They are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct .
‘Although the trademarks are registered in Sports Direct’s name the position is not as alarming as it may first appear' a statement said .
Santiago Vergini is on a seasonlong loan at Sunderland .
Defender has an option for a twoyear deal at Black Cats if they stay up .
Argentine admits only downside at Wearside has been the weather .
Rev Coles sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes housing association .
Vicar is known for presenting Radio 4's human interest show Saturday live .
Attacked Tory plans to sell housing association homes as a 'right to steal'
Confessed in memoir last year that he had taken drugs including cocaine ecstasy and amphetamines .
Melbourne model Sharky Jama has reportedly been shot dead in Syria .
He fled to the Middle East last year to fight with Islamic State with a friend .
Sharky's father confirmed his son's death while relatives posted tributes .
Family were told on Monday by friends via a text message and phone call .
The Queen has distributed the traditional Maundy Money in Sheffield .
Two bags of coins were presented to 89 men and 89 women during service .
One was brave DDay veteran 91yearold Denis Gratton .
Her Majesty arrived in the city on the Royal Train with Prince Philip .
Royal Maundy tradition dates back to 1210 and the infamous King John .
John who appears in Robin Hood was also forced to sign the Magna Carta .
Royals were once required to wash the feet of beggars during the service .
Only the nosegay intended to hide the smell still survives of that part .
KFC and McDonald's require job applicants to fill out a detailed quiz .
Questions ask 'Describe your interest in food' and ask if candidates agree that 'It's okay for an employee to take a little food if they are underpaid'
Others describe scenarios and offer multiple choice responses .
The tests are designed to rank workers by their values and work ethics .
Pilgrims flock to see relic which is believed to have wrapped Jesus' body .
13th century cloth is imprinted with image of man who has been crucified .
More than two million people visited shroud when it was last on display .
Nineyearold William Kulk died in hospital on Sunday night .
His eightyearold sister Piper died on Sunday morning .
They were both involved in a horrific car crash on the NSW Central Coast .
Over $32000 has been raised to help the devastated family .
Were travelling with elder brother mother and grandmother .
They had spent the day at the Royal Easter Show in Sydney .
Their brother Daniel 12 is in a stable condition in Westmead hospital .
Michael Vaughan was understood to be talking to the ECB on Thursday .
Vaughan has emerged as favourite for new role of director of cricket .
Paul Downton was sacked as England's managing director on Wednesday .
Vaughan will want unprecedented responsibility if he is to take up role .
Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss also being considered for the role .
Comments made by Dr Dejan Stojkovic from the University of Buffalo .
He says clues to contents lie in interactions between particles emitted .
Quantum mechanics states that information is always conserved .
It backs up Stephen Hawking's theory that black holes are 'grey'
Jury shown interview that woman gave police two days after alleged attack .
She claimed that Mansouri picked her up as she tried to hail cab in Chester .
Woman sent messages to friends saying she had been kidnapped and was 'literally scared' as he drove her to his house court heard .
Masood Mansouri 33 from Saltney denies rape kidnap and sexual assault .
Analogue watch was released in 1997 to promote Apple's Mac OS .
Has a circular face and colourful hands unlike Apple's modern Watch .
Vintage timepiece is listed for $2500 (£1707) on eBay .
Shoppers could buy five of the new Apple Watch Sports for less cash .
Aussie girl joins #kyliejennerchallenge currently sweeping social media .
Method involves creating an airlock which forces lips to swell .
Teens across the globe are hoping to emulate Kylie Jenner's puffy pout .
Key culprit is the LED screens found in most electronic devices .
These can can harm the lightsensitive retina irreversibly damaging sight .
However the problem can be remedied by using special screen filters .
Dr Celia SanchezRamos has developed one to make light less damaging .
A fan reedited "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer with classic scenes from older "Batman" and "Superman" TV and film .
Adam West and Christopher Reeve replace Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill in the reimagined trailer .
Maurice Thibaux stormed stage at Sydney's MercedesBenz Fashion Week .
The 67yearold was making a noise complaint to the Carriageworks venue .
He compared noise of the show to 'a jumbo jet taking off over your head'
Mr Thibaux said the rumble felt made his house feel like it was shaking .
He apologised to organisers saying he did not mean to disturb the show .
Robin Barton was abandoned behind a Santa Ana California dumpster in November 1989 when he was just four hours old .
Nowretired police officer Michael Buelna found the infant after hearing what he thought were meows coming from the dumpster .
Buelna was abandoned as a child along with his four siblings by his mother .
He hopes to help Barton find his biological mother Sabrina Diaz .
Barton says he forgives Dias and that he was 'blessed with a great family'
Luka Modric had to be replaced with a knee complaint on Saturday .
Gareth Bale suffered a calf strain early on at the Bernabeu .
Bale will almost certainly miss the clash with Atletico on Wednesday .
Real Madrid beat Malaga 31 to keep up the pressure on leaders Barcelona .
Carlo Ancelotti's side face rivals Atletico Madrid on Wednesday .
Terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars caught in an inferno .
The clip was taken by the driver of a car in eastern Siberia .
At one point a jeep races past with the back of its roof ablaze .
Wildfires in Siberia have been raging since March 19 leaving 30 dead .
Steve Esmond his wife Theresa Divine and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill while staying  at the Sirenusa Resort in St. John .
Divine was released from hospital and is now in occupational therapy .
The family's lawyer said the boys are in 'rough shape'
On Friday the US Environmental Protection Agency said preliminary tests showed there was 'a presence of methyl bromide in the unit .
Celebrity Big Brother contestant 40 says vessels 'need pushing back'
She asks radio listeners: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?'
Hundreds dead after boat overturned off Libya at midnight yesterday .
Miss Hopkins called 'vile racist' and 'manifestation of toxic hate culture'
Justin Rose goes into final day at 12 under par four shots off the lead .
Jordan Spieth is out in front looking to win his first major .
Rory McIlroy paired with Tiger Woods in third from last grouping .
Photographer J.M. Giordano was covering Freddie Gray protests in Baltimore Maryland Saturday night when he was attacked by police .
A friend recorded the moment cops in SWAT gear 'swarmed over' him laying helpless on the ground .
In the background a friend is heard yelling 'He's a photographer! He's press!'
Bowie 68 starred as an alien enamored by TV and alcohol in the 1976 film .
He has written new songs and arranged older music for 2015 production .
The musician is not expected to perform in the show late this year .
Bowie did not write the music for the original amid contractual dispute .
Shocking footage has emerged of a thief allegedly taking a donation box .
CCTV  captures the woman bringing her vest over the ANZAC badges .
The incident took place on Wednesday at the Caulfield RSL in Melbourne .
The video was posted on Facebook in a bid to track down the women .
Southampton's highlyrated defender Nathaniel Clyne is about to enter the final year of his current contract at the club and is stalling over new terms .
Clyne is wanted by several top clubs including Manchester United .
He has expressed a desire to play Champions League football .
The Saints will actively look to sell Clyne in the summer if they cannot agree a new deal because they don't want to lose him on a free transfer .
Melvin the giraffe was killed by an antelope at Norwegian zoo .
Giraffe gored by antelope horn as he was stuck in a fence .
Around 30 people many of them children witnessed death .
In his final known video Adam Gadahn called for governments of Pakistan and Saudi Arabia to be overthrown .
He was raised in California and said he was of Jewish ancestry .
He converted to Islam in 1995 left U.S. in 1998 and joined al Qaeda becoming a spokesman .
Sarah Grimes accused Kristen Saban daughter of Alabama football coach Nick Saban of brutally beating her after a night of drinking in 2010 .
In her suit Grimes said the sorority sisters were arguing over a boy when Saban posted on Facebook: 'No one likes Sarah Yayyyyy!
Grimes claimed Saban left her with a broken nose and a concussion .
Saban argued it was Grimes who attacked her and left her bleeding .
Grimes' lawsuit was set for trial in early August both women now will have to pay their own legal costs .
Barcelona beat PSG 20 on Tuesday to reach Champions League semifinal .
Xavi came on at halftime to make his 148th appearance in the competition .
It is more than any other player but Iker Casillas can equal it on Wednesday .
Xavi also broke the record for most knockout stage appearances with 53 .
Photographer Atif Saeed crept to within ten feet of the hungry male lion .
Fearless Mr Saeed left the safety of his car to sit on the ground for the shot .
As soon as the camera captured the image Mr Saeed had to flee for his life .
The lion charged at the intrepid photographer as he closed the car's door .
Clip shows moment helmet camera becomes detached and falls to earth .
Remarkably the camera remains intact despite plummeting from 10000ft .
Was found in a meadow in Gringelstad Sweden and returned to its owner .
Money expert says spending a few hours and a bit of cash can add tens of thousands to your property value at sale .
Among her tips are things simple as changing door handles and curtains .
Michelle Hutchison says paint the walls and the kitchen cupboards .
Other tips include: Clear the clutter to make you home appear bigger .
Malijah Grant was allowed to die on Saturday after she was shot while sitting in the back seat of her parents' car Thursday outside Seattle .
Authorities initially believed it was a road rage incident turned violent but now say the shooting was not random .
Peggy Drexler: Video of Toya Graham hitting son as she drags him from protests has raised questions. Was she a hero? Abusive?
Neither she says she was a mom trying to steer her adolescent in a heated city conflict and more moms need this kind of commitment .
Addison Russell 21 was playing in his first home game for Chicago Cubs .
He was batting in the seventh inning when he swung at pitch and lost bat .
Bat struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' ondeck circle .
Fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and taken to a nearby hospital .
Russell saw fan get hit and said: 'Words can't describe how bad I feel'
PSG are considering a £15m move for Dynamo Kiev and Ukraine winger Andriy Yarmolenko .
The 25yearold is highlyrated on the continent and tormented Everton during this season's Europa League campaign .
PSG are also interested in Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba but have been rebuffed in their pursuit of Manchester United's Angel di Maria .
Godfrey Elfwick recruited via Twitter to appear on World Have Your Say .
Came after claims he had never seen the Star Wars franchise before .
On the show he described the films as both antiwomen and antigay .
Also said that Darth Vader was a black man and a 'really bad racial stereotype'
Kim 34 said she would be watching Bruce's show with her family .
She was attending a Variety event in NYC just hours before the tellall .
It was claimed that the former Olympian would be watching the show twice  once with the Kardashians and next with the Jenners .
Leicester can move out of the drop zone by beating Burnley on Saturday .
Nigel Pearson's side were bottom of the table on Christmas Day .
The Foxes have won last three league games on the bounce .
Michael Phelps won his first race back following sixmonth suspension .
Phelps was suspended by USA Swimming for failing a drinkdriving test .
Olympic champion won 100m butterfly at the Arena Pro Swim Series .
Graph show dominant colours of 94526 artworks from 1800 to 2000 .
Orange and yellow have always been the most popular colour .
In recent years blue has begun to catch up  and nobody is sure why .
Steven Allison 37 uploaded pictures of himself looking happy and tanned .
He fled to Australia after going on run from the law more than a year ago .
Police were closing in on him with help of Interpol and Australian officers .
Allison was given 30 month jail sentence for sexual assault of two women .
He was supposed to be lying low but couldn't help post clues on Facebook .
Tracked down by authorities and flown back to UK in handcuffs yesterday .
Cuomo first US governor to visit Cuba since ease on trade and travel .
Heads delegation of 18 New York academics and business leaders .
President Obama eased trade and travel restrictions earlier this year .
Items belonging to Davy Jones are to go on sale at an auction in New York .
Britishborn Jones best known for being member of the band The Monkees .
Memorabilia includes guitars stage costumes and commemorative plaques .
Jones who became a teen idol in the 1960s died in 2012 at the age of 66 .
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops in Grangetown suburb .
They told Muslim electorate Islam was 'only real workable solution' for UK .
Cardiff Council has begun removing the posters dubbed 'chilling' by locals .
Lionel Messi has played at Celtic Park three times with Barcelona to date .
Celtic failed to qualify for the Champions League this season .
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarterfinals this campaign .
Manchester United were beaten 30 by Everton at Goodison Park .
Wayne Rooney limped off in closing stages replaced by Robin van Persie .
Louis van Gaal has confirmed the striker suffered a knee injury .
United boss said it is too early to know the severity of the injury .
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana to New York .
Authorities said they spotted her 'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search .
It's estimated the drugs found in her panties have a street value of more than $73000 .
She now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges .
Derek Murray a University of Alberta law student could have had his day ruined by the mistake by a stranger's kindness brightened it up .
Murray posted his story and the note online and the random act of kindness has now gone viral .
Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations Mary Ellen Smith who has a teenage son Shawn with autism made the announcement .
Program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT .
Fulltime positions based at its Redmond campus Washington .
It interrupted a State Department briefing and forced the White House onto backup generators .
Outage 'briefly had an impact on the White House complex' but it was 'back on the regular power source' an hour and a half later .
White House press secretary says he was in the Oval with the president when it happened and it was barely noticeable .
Related to a dip in power in a transmission line at a Maryland facility power company says another report says it may have been an explosion .
Homeland Security says there's no evidence of malicious activity .
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visit children's hospital in Liverpool .
Everton defenders hand out Easter eggs to young patients and families .
Toffees face Premier League clash against Southampton on Saturday .
A pilot was flying a short flight from Oenpelli to Jabiru Northern Territory .
On board the flight last year were the pilot two adults and three children .
The pilot reported the children on board were excited and a little disruptive .
The passenger seated in the front seat coughed through the headset .
The pilot says this distracted him as he forgot to lower the landing gear .
Report also found the pilot was 'relatively new' to the Cessna 310 aircraft .
There were no injuries but the aircraft was substantially damaged .
NASUWT union said indiscipline is a 'significant problem' at many schools .
Teachers are sworn at kicked and punched while one had her arm broken .
Deputy headteacher was restraining boy when she fell and fractured arm .
Last year staff at eight schools refused to teach badly behaved pupils .
Residents in Oldham were confused over growing pile of rubbish in alley .
They had begun receiving letters from the council threatening legal action .
One home owner installed CCTV to find out who was flytipping in street .
The video revealed council workers had been discarding bin bags in alley .
Walsh appears to jump a car travelling at 40mph in Paddy Power advert .
Irish jockey says in clip he is preparing for Saturday's Grand National .
Twotime National winner will ride Ballycasey at Aintree .
Bookmaker is no stranger to controversial ad campaigns .
Appeared on Russian television today looking tanned and wrinklefree .
Russian president disappeared for 10 days last month with no explanation .
Rumours for years that President has undergone facial cosmetic surgery .
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood both impressed in the nets on Sunday .
Moeen Ali is also appearing to bowl without discomfort after joining squad .
England were missing an Xfactor as the first Test fizzled out in a draw .
And selectors must decide whether to freshen things up for second match .
The video was captured in California by the dogs' owner Tracy .
Young German Shepherd named Kali jumps around playfully .
Adopted mother follows it and nudges it away from its ball .
Older dog then uses its paw to push the puppy onto the bed .
Barcelona have now scored 401 goals in the Champions League .
A double from Luis Suarez and another from Neymar beat PSG 31 .
Catalan side have achieved the feat in 202 matches since 1992 .
But they have some way to go to catch the 436 of Real Madrid .
Miss Wendy and owner Marc Métral put through to Semi Finals by panel .
But viewers said act was 'cruel' while RSPCA said it would work to 'ascertain what methods were used'
Cowell called act 'incredible'  Amanda Holden said: 'You made TV history'
But similar act was seen on America's Got Talent in United States in 2012 .
Bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states with thunderstorms and  tornadoes forecast to strike .
There was one tornado in Florida and two tornadoes hit Colorado Thursday .
Severe thunderstorms may take place in several states Friday and affect metropolitan areas including Dallas and Houston .
Storms could also happen in the South and along the Gulf Coast Saturday .
Winds tornadoes and hail were forecast to be potential issues from Friday through Sunday .
The forecasts come after some parts of the country  including Ohio New York Minnesota Wisconsin and Michigan  saw snow earlier this week .
Jimmy Anderson moved to within one of Sir Ian Botham's record .
The 32yearold's wife and daughter were watching in Antigua .
Botham tempted to bet on Anderson claiming record on Wednesday .
Moeen Ali called up to England squad for second and third Tests .
Jermaine Blackwood scores first Test ton and frustrates Ben Stokes .
Half of pensioners in US with investments during 2007 financial crisis sold them at wrong time research finds .
Experts analysed 1204 retirees with investments between 2006 and 2008 .
Findings come days before UK retirees are given power to decide how to spend life savings .
Maria Sharapova has been forced to withdraw with a leg injury .
Russia host Germany in the Fed Cup semifinals in Sochi this weekend .
Venus Williams has also pulled out because of a personal matter .
The USA travel to face Italy in a World Group playoff in Brindisi .
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. Read week one and week two.
This week's reading is a Lot to take in. Literally.
New Zealand recently changed how they calculate child support figures .
Some parents are outraged labelling the changes as 'unreasonable'
One parent said he quit his job so he wouldn't have to face a $600 increase .
He said after he halved his income his payment dropped by two thirds .
A woman has half eaten a large cockroach after biting into her Big Mac .
Annah Sophia Stevenson's three year old son asked for a takeaway meal .
She was three bites into her meal when she noticed a strange texture .
The cosmetic artist then pulled a half eaten cockroach out of her mouth .
McDonald's will pick up the evidence in order to aid their investigation .
Ford Vox: Florida law keeps doctors from talking gun safety with patients Arizona law forces doctors to promote disputed abortion claim .
He says doctor organizations are failing to defend medical profession against politically motivated interference by clueless lawmakers .
Wellness blogger Belle Gibson has finally admitted she never had cancer .
'No none of it is true' she told the Australian Women's Weekly magazine .
Model Jesinta Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers .
Campbell said the pair shed tears together at the the Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards last year as Gibson told her fake story .
The Whole Pantry founder is still refusing to meet with her publisher .
Kristin Holmes 'uploaded photo after being mistaken for another woman'
In image 26yearold is beaming while pointing a gun toward the camera .
She captioned it: 'So you know the difference when you "come find me"'
Holmes from Virginia has been charged with harassment by computer .
Facing Class 1 misdemeanor that lead to one year in jail and $2500 fine .
But she argues the photo was 'just a funny picture' that 'wasn't a threat'
State law bans use of vulgar indecent and threatening language online .
CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta answers questions about medical marijuana .
Readers wanted to know how medical marijuana could ease symptoms of illnesses .
Lucas Hinch who runs an herb and tea shop in Colorado Springs said he'd simply had enough of the computer's 'blue screen of death'
Mystery man wandered into Polish Embassy yesterday with no memory .
The only clue to his identity is a distinctive flower tattoo on his right arm .
He can't recall his own name how he lost his memory or came to be in UK .
All he could remember that he was from Poland and his daughter Lenka .
Shah Jahah Khan and Ibrahim Anderson are accused of terror offences .
The pair appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court in Islamic dress .
Accused of handing out ISIS propaganda leaflets on Oxford Street .
Luis Suarez scored Barcelona's opening goal against Valencia in the first minute of the game .
Claudio Bravo kept out a tame penalty from Valencia captain Dani Parejo in the ninth .
Lionel Messi sealed the three points with one of the final kicks of the game .
Man City bounced back from derby defeat with 20 win over West Ham .
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season during victory .
Jesus Navas impressed on the righthand side of City's midfield .
Manuel Pellegrini's side have moved to within one point of rivals United .
A ceremony was held on Boylston Street on Tuesday morning to mark two years since the April 15 2013 bombings .
The family of eightyearold Martin Richard the youngest victim to lose his life helped unveil commemorative banners at the site .
Jeff Bauman who lost both  his legs also walked along the street on his prosthetic legs with his wife Erin and their baby daughter Nora .
He also greeted Carlos Arredondo who helped save his life .
A moment of silence was also held at 2.49pm to mark the first of the explosions which killed three people and left more than 260 injured .
Paul Murray insists old board are to blame for stock exchange removal .
Rangers forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM)
Rangers interim chairman insists plans for future will be unaffected .
Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional marriages set couples up to fail .
She suggests a fixedterm starter marriage of up to a four year contract .
At the end the couple decide whether to renew their contract .
Eve Addison developed strange swelling in her collarbone after gin .
Switching brands didn't help and she felt dreadful on nights out .
After suffering night sweats tests revealed she had Hodgkin Lymphoma .
One symptom is swollen lymph nodes in neck which can hurt after alcohol .
The 79th Masters Tournament starts on Thursday at Augusta National .
Rory McIlroy tees off his bid for a Grand Slam alongside Phil Mickelson .
Tiger Woods returns to action and plays in group with Jamie Donaldson .
Memphis Depay held a secret meeting Manchester United recently .
The Holland winger scored last week as PSV clinched the Eredivisie title .
Depay is Eredivisie's top goalscorer with 20  even though he is a winger .
Louis van Gaal previously admitted he lacks a 20goalsperseason striker .
The 21yearold is a left winger who cuts inside with a powerful right foot .
Nobody in Eredivisie completed more dribbles (101) last season than him .
In 2014 Depay became the youngestever Dutch scorer at a World Cup .
Van Gaal put him alongside Robin van Persie and Arjen Robben in 433 .
Jason Denayer has enjoyed a successful season on loan at Celtic .
Ronny Deila will ask Manchester City about keeping him for next season .
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among Deila's defensive targets .
Juventus were awarded penalty fouling foul on striker Alvaro Morata .
However replays suggest Ricardo Carvalho fouled striker outside the area .
The Serie A champions claimed a 10 win thanks to Arturo Vidal's penalty .
Video seems to show militants in Libya holding one group of at least 16 captive on a beach and 12 others in a desert .
Before the killings a masked fighter in black brandishes a pistol as he vows to kill Christians if they do not convert .
Ethiopia unable to confirm its citizens were killed by militants in the footage but condemned the 'atrocious act'
It comes two months after 21 Egyptian Christians were beheaded by extremists in a similar video from Libya .
A new documentary hopes to expose the illegal organ trade in China .
China's organ trade is allegedly worth a massive US$1 billion a year .
Human rights lawyer David Matas tells the gory details of what goes on .
Tens of thousands of innocent people killed on demand it is claimed .
Political prisoners in particular being used as live organ donors .
It's believed most were members of the banned Falun Gong movement .
Documentary will air on SBS One’s Dateline program on Tuesday night .
Plane was flying from Guangzhou China to Addis Ababa Ethiopia .
Boeing 777300ER was forced to land in Mumbai the first time to refuel .
It departed but had to return due to engine trouble Indian media reported .
Passengers disembarked and were transferred to a hotel .
What should have been a 10hour flight turned into a daylong delay .
Ethiopian was recently named one of the world's most reliable carriers .
The draw for the Europa League semifinals was made in Nyon Switzerland .
Holders Sevilla face Fiorentina as they attempt to win it for a fourth time .
Rafa Benitez's Napoli who play Dnipro could set up an allItalian final .
Warsaw will play host to the Europa League final on May 27 .
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry began in 2009 stopped taking evidence in 2011 .
His report has been repeatedly delayed but was expected after election .
Now source says findings may not become public until 'at least' 2016 .
Surrey sign the Australian allrounder for Natwest T20 Blast .
Moises Henriques has played 3 Tests 6 ODIs and 4 T20s for Australia .
The 28yearold will join after his stint in the Indian Premier League .
British Airways pilots reveal their favourite plane views and where to sit .
Experience aerial shots of the Grand Canyon without forking out for expensive helicopter tours .
Sit on the right  to see the incredible Sydney Harbour as you leave the city .
Marisa Curlen a student at James Madison University in Virginia was found unresponsive in her room at sorority house Friday morning .
Police are awaiting autopsy and toxicology test reports but no foul play is suspected .
Curlen was a sister at Alpha Phi sorority on campus .
Played volleyball at Rye High School in Rye New York her 2013 graduating class lost three people in less than a year .
Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy will both play at next week's Masters .
Augusta favourite McIlroy looked up to Woods when he was a child .
New Nike advert shows portrays a young McIlroy's rise to the top .
Woods has won four green jackets the last of which came in 2005 .
McIlroy is looking for his fifth major win to complete a career Grand Slam .
Mazzy was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and brought her to tears of joy .
Mazzy who just turned four suffers from Spina Bifida and is paralyzed from the waist down .
The crew of the airplane made Mazzy a crown from pretzels and a birthday cake made from toilet paper .
Sebastian Vettel stunned rivals Mercedes to win Malaysian Grand Prix .
German's first triumph for Ferrari was team's first since 2013 .
Victory enabled Italian outfit to carry out ritual of placing flag at team gate .
CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of F1 racing .
Barcelona beat Paris SaintGermain 31 in the Champions League .
Injured David Luiz forced into the fray after Thiago Silva limped off .
Luis Suarez nutmegged Luiz in lead up to both of his goals .
The internet soon filled with memes at the Brazilian's expense .
The Fregoe family of Massapequa Park New York built their own Frosty in January .
Thanks to late winter storms that stretched into spring the family was able to keep the snowman alive for months .
The snowman finally melted this weekend when temperatures reached a high of 75 on Saturday and 57 on Sunday .
Mike Fregoe is keeping a small snowball in the freezer to start a new snowman next winter .
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended .
They posted 'antiIslamic' messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally .
The men contravened a policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'
Chase faces prospect of 48 match ban after Grade E 'dangerous throw'
Tackle happened during Salford's 1812 win at Huddersfield .
RFL's match review panel viewed tackle on Ferres as dangerous .
Andy Lee was set to defend his middleweight title against Peter Quillin .
The bout is now a nontitle fight after American missed the 160lbs weight .
Billy Joe Saunders is the next mandatory challenger while there is also talk of a lucrative contest with Miguel Cotto .
Jeffrey Williams 20 is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during a rally on March 12 .
Despite warnings at the start of prison phone calls that they can be used as evidence he spoke free about the incident to his girlfriend .
Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD and wasn't aiming at the cops. He also expressed remorse .
'Even though I was in the wrong though I should have just went the other way' he said. 'Oh man now I'm looking at 10 years'
Bojan Krkic has picked his best Premier League XI of the season .
The Stoke striker is currently battling back to fitness after a knee injury .
Bojan includes compatriots David de Gea and Santi Cazorla .
There is room for Chelsea's John Terry and striker Sergio Aguero .
Bojan also opts for two of his Stoke teammates in his team .
Daniel Agger has been charged with violent conduct .
The Brondby star appeared to elbow Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen .
Agger rejoined first club Brondby from Liverpool in August 2014 .
Foreign fighters are increasingly signing up to fight ISIS on the front lines .
For some of the jihadist group's foes foreign fighters are not welcome comrades .
Training and logistical support some argue is the best way to support the fight against ISIS .
Lyndey Milan created Easter lunch recipes for $6 per person from Aldi .
Home cook icon trawled supermarket aisles to find inspiration for recipes .
Result of experiment include Greek lamb and herb crusted salmon dishes .
Hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding came in at just $2 a person and Lyndey says it is sure to be a crowd pleaser .
Mail on Sunday writer visits the resort of  Niyama in the Dhaalu Atoll .
Spends her days relaxing in the Lime Spa and snorkelling .
Food at the resort is cooked by Aussie chef Geoff Clark .
Gaya has been linked with a number of big clubs in Spain and England .
Real Madrid Man City Arsenal and Chelsea could fight it out .
Valencia leftback 19 has a buyout clause in his contract of just £13.5m .
He has been impressive all season for the La Liga club .
The attackminded Gaya has been capped up to under 21 level for Spain .
National Front founder JeanMarie Le Pen pulls out of regional elections .
Criticized by daughter Marine over comments about the Holocaust .
Le Pen Snr wants granddaughter Marion MarechalLe Pen to replace him .
Real Madrid thrashed Granada 91 in La Liga at home on Sunday .
For the first time since November Real have all seven attacking stars fit .
Fiorentina host  Juventus in Coppa Italia semifinal second leg on Tuesday .
Edwin 'Jock' Mee 45 allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 .
Alleged he raped one of the cadets at the Mitcham Army Careers Office .
Cousin of the alleged victim rang Mee to voice her concerns about him .
He is said to have told her he hoped her cousin was 'as sweet as she looks'
Four sisters were at the centre of an international custody dispute .
Vinceni girls were sent back to live with their father in Italy in 2012 .
They were dragged kicking and screaming from their Sunshine Coast home .
Distressing scenes were shown on TV causing great hysteria and concern .
60 Minutes exclusively interviewed the girls at their home near Florence .
The two eldest Emily and Claire speak of their regret of dramatic exit .
Their mother has not visited them in Italy but speaks to them everyday .
60 Minutes will screen nationally on Channel 9 at 8.30pm Sunday April 12 .
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft .
The map lets you see features on the surface including craters hills mountains and even 'canyons'
You can also measure elevation changes on the surface and see different measurement data .
And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys .
David Cameron will put small business at the heart of election campaign .
Prime Minister has faced criticism for lacking passion in recent weeks .
Cameron said he made 'no apology' for Tories focusing on the economy .
Elizabeth Dawes was diagnosed with breast cancer in July 2013 .
Doctors advised a double mastectomy but she refused instead undergoing extensive surgery to remove a tumour and reconstruction afterwards .
Four days later she was told staff had confused her notes with those of two other patients and that she had never had the disease .
Royal Wolverhampton NHS Trust has admitted liability and apologised .
Murray says he has left majority of planning the day to fiancée Kim Sears .
Has said 'it's just better to let the woman have it how she would like'
Admits he 'couldn't care less' about flowers and colours schemes .
But has been involved in food and cake tasting saying 'I like good food'
Wedding held next week at Dunblane Cathedral Murray's home town .
Customers in all areas of the plane will be able to share one selfie shot on Facebook .
Mood lighting introduced throughout plane that is designed to help people with time zone differences .
Full length bathroom mirror again in all areas of the plane can help you keep looking your best .
Leaked images claim to show next season's Real Madrid kit .
The home shirt has grey trim and a roundneck collar .
The away kit is all grey a departure from this season's pink offering .
Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is the top TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice award winner for islands .
Maui ranks first on the top 10 islands list for the United States .
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semis .
It means Pep Guardiola will travel back to the Nou Camp .
Bayern boss Guardiola wants to find a way of stopping Lionel Messi .
CLICK HERE for the UEFA Champions League draw .
Suzanne Crough was the youngest member of TV's "Partridge Family"
Crough died Monday at 52 in Nevada .
Andy Burnham says Labour would enforce the Premier League to invest an estimtated £400million into grassroots football with the new TV deal .
The Shadow health secretary accused Prime Minister David Cameron of not fulfilling his promises of investing and improving grassroots .
Labour's sports spokesman Clive Efford promised to get tough .
Kylie Jenner is the youngest of the KardashianJenner family .
She is fast becoming one of the most lucrative sisters because of her style .
Millions of teenage girls on social media copy her makeup and fashion .
Ricky Hatton was KO'd by both Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio .
Hatton says Pacquiao has an advantage over Mayweather because he has Freddie Roach in his corner .
But he still expects Mayweather to win May 2 megafight .
Hatton believes Amir Khan could trouble Mayweather more than Pacquiao .
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III was suspected in the shooting deaths of two people .
Police say the chain of events started Sunday when a 2yearold dashed out in front a vehicle and was killed .
The driver of the vehicle and the boy's older brother died from gunshots .
Defense expected to show Dzhokhar Tsarnaev as a puppet of his dominant older brother .
A deadlocked jury would result in an automatic life sentence for Tsarnaev .
Man United will pay their staff at least £7.85 an hour from July .
Premier League clubs will pay their staff living wage from next season .
Chelsea became the first professional club to enforce new ruling .
Manchester City are also committed to paying living wage .
Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase $40 (£26) from Hammacher Schlemmer .
Said to use blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' that help skin retain moisture .
Canadian firm which also makes the antiwrinkle pillow ships to the UK .
Vaccine named RTSS could be available by October scientists believe .
Will become the first approved vaccine for the world's deadliest disease .
Designed for use in children in Africa it can prevent up to half of cases .
Experts hail 'extraordinary achievement' for British firm that developed it .
Alex OxladeChamberlain has been out of action since March 9 .
Arsenal midfielder suffers from persistent groin problems .
Arsenal are exploring other treatments but any surgery would be delayed .
READ: Arsenal bid to finalise transfer for 'next Lionel Messi' Maxi Romero .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Prince Harry arrives in Australia next Monday ahead of fourweek stay .
He will fulfill a dream by training with the elite SAS regiment in Perth .
War hero and VC winner Mark Donaldson is an SAS trainer in Perth .
Donaldson has written about how he saved the Prince from the Taliban .
Donaldson and crack SAS unit shot dead in 2009 a Taliban warlord who boasted of killing Prince Harry .
Prince will also go bush with Indigenous NORFORCE troops .
The royal said to be excited for 'challenging and hectic' schedule .
The trip is the last of Prince Harry's military career before he retires .
Cynthia Lennon was John Lennon's first wife .
She was there during the rise of the Beatles .
Her death was announced by her son Julian .
Reverend Jonno Williams says funeral of teacher to be held on Wednesday .
He will be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the details .
Reverend Williams says it'll be especially hard for the town's young people .
'She was a very friendly and cheerful girl' Reverend Williams says .
NSW Health spokeswoman says Ms Scott’s body is still undergoing tests .
School cleaner Vincent Stanford 24 has been charged with her murder .
Manchester United beat City 42 at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon .
Man Utd have the most impressive record against the top seven clubs .
Louis van Gaal has averaged two points per game against the top seven .
Chelsea (1.56) are second in the Premier League in an alternative table .
READ: Ashley Young laughs at City as United silence 'noisy neighbours'
A local bike shop owner's dog was snatched by a crocodile .
The crocodile was swimming through Puerto Vallarta marina in Mexico .
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday and saw the bizarre sight .
A video of the dog in the croc's jaws has been viewed half a million times .
Wayne Rooney looked down as he filled his £100000 Range Rover .
Rooney played in midfield during Manchester United's loss to Chelsea .
The 29yearold was happy with his sides performance despite the loss .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Bird was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford after flying along Thames .
Eagleeyed canal boat resident saw the puffin and contacted rescue agency .
Puffins most commonly found in Iceland but this bird 'blown off course'
Newcastle have lost their last four Premier League games .
John Carver's side lost 10 to Sunderland in the TyneWear derby .
The Magpies have won just twice in 2015 ahead of their Anfield trip .
Andrew has made his first official visit since sex claims were thrown out .
The Duke visited the AkzoNobel paint factory in Slough Berkshire .
Appeared visibly relieved and was on noticeably cheerful form .
Claims were thrown out by judge Kenneth Marra last Wednesday .
Virginia Roberts claimed she had been forced to have sex with the Duke .
Andrew has always vehemently denied the allegations are true .
Oscarwinning actress Octavia Spencer was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles to autograph copies of her new children's book .
Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line demanding refunds and storming out of the store in disgust .
Octavia said 'no touching no coming around the table to take a photo'
She would not engage  fans had to tell assistant their name she wrote it on a sticky and handed it to actress .
When man approached with a photo of Octavia for her to sign she said 'I'm NOT doing that'
Etienne Capoue and Nabil Bentaleb win crossbar challenge on Thursday .
The game ended a morning of fun for fans during an open training session .
Tottenham host Aston Villa on Saturday at White Hart Lane .
The cause of a gas line explosion in Fresno California is unknown .
Two of the injured were undergoing emergency surgery .
Attorneys for Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday .
Lawsuit alleges that Officer Darren Wilson destroyed evidence after he shot their son on the street of the St. Louis suburb last August .
Civil suit claims Brown did have his hands up in surrender when he was killed  a claim strongly disputed during last year's investigation .
They are seeking $75000 in compensation as well as unspecified punitive damages .
Also called for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean disregard or underserve its AfricanAmerican population'
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100000aweek .
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says Sterling will not be sold .
He believes Sterling still needs to prove himself at the highest level .
Rodgers is confident that Sterling can win silverware while at Anfield .
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday kickoff at 12.45pm .
Freddie Gray died on Sunday after slipping into a coma .
He was arrested a week earlier under murky circumstances .
Aaron Cresswell gave West Ham United an early lead with a stunning 25yard free kick on seven minutes .
Hosts were denied all three points after  Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke City in the 95th minute .
Arnautovic had earlier seen two goals disallowed for offside during the Upton Park encounter .
Poll of candidates asked them what were country's biggest challenges .
None from Labour named the deficit when survey by Ipsos Mori .
Echoes Ed Miliband's blunder when he forgot deficit in conference speech .
An axewielding robber has been jailed for attempting to rob a corner shop .
But he failed after he was held and hit with a baseball bat by shopkeepers .
He was later revealed to be a juvenile offender nicknamed Boomerang Boy .
Shaun Andrew McKerry 31 had been arrested 80 times by the age of 15 .
Neil Phillips was part of Sir Alf Ramsey's backroom staff for World Cup .
Phillips was a late addition to the team after being promoted from U23s .
He also worked with England for 1970 and 1974 World Cups .
An elderly man has reportedly been attacked by a crocodile in Queensland .
The man was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course on Monday .
Golf owner Clive Palmer sent his well wishes to the man after the attack .
Paramedics treated the man who suffered a bite wound to his lower leg .
He has been taken to Mossiman District Hospital in a stable condition .
Manchester United have won six games in a row ahead of Chelsea clash .
But Louis van Gaal will travel to Stamford Bridge without several key men .
Phil Jones Marcos Rojo Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are all sidelined .
Luke Shaw should start at left back on return to Manchester United side .
Wayne Rooney may have to revert back to holding midfield role .
Louis van Gaal describes injuries as 'the worst possible scenario'
Nina Moric 38 claims she collapsed at her apartment in Milan on Saturday .
She told followers on Instagram her fall was due to 'low blood pressure'
Italian media claimed the Croatianborn model tried to take her own life .
Moric told her 40000 followers 'I fell banging my head and hurt everwhere'
Kendra Moad of Kearns Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway .
He did not see the 20monthold toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans .
This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah .
Kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when workers arrived and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital .
The grandfather is not facing any charges at this time but the case remains under investigation .
Aaron Bee 22 spent two weeks on the run from Lincolnshire Police .
The father of one posted taunting selfies on Facebook over 13 days .
Officers finally caught up with him at a cafe in Lincoln  in November .
He was has now been jailed for eight months over domestic violence .
"When a Man Loves a Woman" singer Percy Sledge dies at 73 .
Sledge died Tuesday morning in Baton Rouge Louisiana .
"When a Man Loves a Woman" is cornerstone of soul music much covered and much played .
Leicester looked to be on the brink of relegation just two weeks ago .
But a freshly discovered attacking potency has given them hope of survival .
However manager Nigel Pearson believes there is 'still an awful lot to do'
Five men and one woman were arrested at 8am in the port's departure zone .
The group all in their 20s are currently being questioned at police station .
Searches taking place at a number of addresses in Birmingham West Mids .
Suspects are not a family group and were not accompanied by children .
Eurocamp's Safari tents are more deluxe than a normal stay under canvas .
L'Ardéchoise site is in the Ardèche region in south central France .
An hourandhalf's drive from the south's beaches and Montpellier airport .
This site is a fivestar park at the top end of what's on offer in France .
It has four pools and a camp 'animateur' organising activities for little ones .
Faith and Hope Howie were born with one body and two faces on May 8 .
They tragically died in hospital just 19 days after they were born .
Parents Simon Howie and Renee Young visit their grave at Pinegrove in western Sydney fortnightly .
They arrived on Thursday to find the grave bare of all the girls' mementos .
Staff had cleared entire baby section and thrown belongings in rubbish .
Stan Freberg was famed comedian song parodist .
He later became adman did a number of outrageous commercials .
"Weird Al" Yankovic: " A legend an inspiration and a friend"
Adorable creature imitates a lizard after waking up from a nap in the sun .
Photographer Ranajit Roy spent five minutes taking the cute photographs .
'I was definitely in the right place at the right time' says 19yearold .
Avengers star made remarks about Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu .
The 51yearold won best director for Birdman at this year's Oscars .
Said in an interview last year superhero films represent 'cultural genocide'
Downey Jr said for a Spanishspeaking man to use a phrase like that 'speaks to how bright he is'
Comments come just days after he walked out of a TV interview in Britain .
French climber Alain Robert scaled the 75storey Cayan Tower .
Daredevil assisted by nothing more than sticky tape and chalk .
The 52yearold took an hour and a half to ascend the highrise .
Video captures daredevil struggling over a ledge on building .
Jamie Vardy scored late winner to ensure his side claimed all three points at The Hawthorns .
West Brom led for the majority of the Premier League clash thanks to a goal by Craig Gardner .
Darren Fletcher opened the scoring before David Nugent levelled the scoreline after 20 minutes .
Robert Huth struck with 10 minutes to go to make it 22 before Vardy hit winning goal .
West Brom wore 1968 FA Cup kit in honour of former striker Jeff Astle on 'Astle Day'
Worrying rise in the amount of child abuse discovered on the internet .
Experts from Internet Watch Foundation removed 31000 web pages .
This represented a 136 per cent rise from around 13000 the previous year .
Most pictures and videos found online were on websites in North America .
A Narrabeen house damaged in the Sydney storms has been demolished .
It began sliding down the hill it was built on endangering  homes nearby .
A team of firefighters police and engineers to bring the property down .
A cherry picker four pressurised hoses and a thick cable were used .
Neighbours clapped and cheered when it was destroyed .
Mr Justice Popplewell says he has no reason to believe fire wasn't accident .
The former judge led the inquiry into the blaze at the Bradford City ground .
Comes after survivor of blaze says tragedy might not have been accident .
Author Martin Fletcher says his findings warrant further investigation .
Daphne Selfe has been modelling since the Fifties .
She has recently landed a new campaign with Vans and & Other Stories .
The 86yearold commands £1000 a day for her work .
Tourists and locals queue for several hours to get their hands on Jenny's butter cookies .
People are even hired to stand in line to buy the cookies which are later sold at an upto70% markup .
Food frenzies have also taken place in other parts of the world .
Kim 27 looked chic in a big hat and offtheshoulder dress in Miami .
Watched Andy Murray play against Kevin Anderson in fourth round match .
Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 .
The child was held by his mother when he slipped and fell between 10 and 12ft into the pit on Saturday around 3pm at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo .
He was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene he suffered from minor bruises and bumps .
The cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit .
Zoo plans to press child endangerment charges .
Patrick and Valerie Jubb purchased the property in Andalusia in 2008 .
They said the alterations had been legalised by land registry officials .
Couple also said a certificate listed no infractions at time of purchase .
When they tried to sell local authorities said the alterations were illegal .
Town hall said normal rules do not apply as estate is in a natural park .
Mesut Ozil starred as Germany beat Georgia 20 in Euro 2016 qualifier .
Playmaker returns to London ahead of Arsenal's game against Liverpool .
Ozil puts his feet up on sofa with his dog as he enjoys home comforts .
Bradford brewery tweeted George Galloway asking if he was 'still a thing'
Respect candidate for Bradford West replied saying tweet was 'unwise'
Spat went viral and Bradford Brewing Company has seen its sales spike .
Beer makers even plan to run for MP if Galloway is reelected on May 7 .
Gloriavale is a Christian sect of around 500 New Zealanders .
All residents wears blue uniforms and there is no birth control .
Closed off from the outside world it has come under scrutiny recently .
Several former members have come forward with abuse bullying allegations .
The incidents were rare but several have occurred .
One former member tells Daily Mail Australia female victims cop the blame .
'They're called s***s and w****s' she said .
'Some think 13 year old girls are ready to have babies' another told stuff.co.nz .
Freddie Sears opens the scoring for Ipswich after just eight minutes .
Cardiff equalised five minutes later through an Eoin Doyle header .
Cole Skuse scores first goal for Ipswich with brilliant 30yard effort .
Daryl Murphy seals the win with a third goal in the 90th minute .
Emily Ratajkowski has become a global sex icon .
Model and actress swears by hiking yoga and occasional indulgence .
Says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential .
Fits in her yoga classes a 'couple of time a week'
Twin Cities radio host Mary Lucia wrote a letter to her fans on Wednesday saying she would be taking some time off work following her ordeal .
She described how she has 'constantly been looking over my shoulder' after a stranger began contacting her incessantly from March 2014 .
Patrick Henry Kelly 'repeatedly called her at work and home and wrote her letters saying they should be together'
He 'left gifts including wine candles a calculator and food at her home'
After repeatedly violating a restraining order she had taken out against him he was charged last year and goes on trial next week .
Starbucks ran its European business  including UK  through Holland .
But Dutch division paid just £1.9million tax on profits of £300million .
Now details of UK company at heart of new probe have started to emerge .
A Starbucks spokesman said it complies 'with all relevant tax rules laws'
Sarah Jewell 25 went to local Social Security office to prove she's alive .
She learned someone had filed her number as deceased in November 2014 .
Jewell said the office implied 'everything's taken care of' and she was fine .
But after three months her number hasn't been reinstated she hasn't received her tax refund and her driver's license also lists her as deceased .
And now she's in jeopardy of losing her job as a licensed pharmacist .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III whose face and neck are covered in dark selfadministered tattoos managed to hitch a ride with a woman to Florida .
He was arrested in Florida and will be extradited back to North Carolina to face open murder charge .
In court on Tuesday Stancil said he 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth' and said Lane had sexually assaulted one of Stancil's relatives .
Stancil lists 'white power' as his interests on Facebook and has white supremacist tattoos including an '88' to signify 'Heil Hitler'
Alfie taken when burglars raided Kirsty Mitton's home in West Midlands .
Later ran out in front of inspector's car 112 miles away in Gerrards Cross .
He leapt inside after inspector opened door and his chip revealed identity .
Owner says safe return of sevenyearold dog has left her 'over the moon'
Three British men won't be charged or deported their lawyer says .
They were arrested after plane spotting near Fujairah airport and have been in jail since February 22 .
FA Cup is set to be named Emirates FA Cup as part of sponsorship deal .
Emirates also sponsor Real Madrid AC Milan PSG and Arsenal .
Airline also purchased naming rights Emirates Stadium in 2004 .
La Liga giants Madrid sealed lucrative deal with Emirates in 2013 .
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have both scored braces in recent games .
Mata scored two goals in Manchester United win over Liverpool .
Herrera followed up with a twogoal haul against Aston Villa on Saturday .
As United and City go headtohead we ask: just how Manc is the derby?
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Coronation Street execs have ditched a ban on talent doing voiceover work .
Former star Katy Cavanagh had been ticked off for doing BBC Iplayer ad .
Show's other actors staged a 'mutiny' forcing ban to be overturned .
Other actors who've cashed in include Benedict Cumberbatch (Pedigree) Olivia Colman (Andrex) Shane Richie (Plenty kitchen roll)
Signatory to letter backing Labour was given suspended sentence .
Cannot be named for legal reasons but Labour has removed her from list .
Arrived in UK in 2007 after 'marriage of convenience' and claimed benefits .
Received £30000 in benefits even though she was barred from claiming .
Ian Poulter often uses acupuncture to help his recovery .
English golfer recently finished tied sixth at the US Masters .
Floyd Mayweather (kriotherapy) Robin van Persie (horse placenta massages) and Amar'e Stoudemire (vinotherapy) are among other sportsmen to use alternative medicine .
Alistair Brownlee beat Javier Gomez in a sprint finish in South Africa .
He was tripped but recovered in his World Triathlon Series return .
Olympic champion warned rivals he 'should only get fitter from here'
Great Britain's Vicky Holland won the women's race on Saturday .
Dramatic footage released today shows Prince Harry flying twoseater Spitfire over the English Channel last August .
The 30yearold royal is seen howling with delight as the fighter plane is guided into expert loop by an instructor .
After he lands the former Apache Helicopter Commander is heard saying 'all good things must come to an end'
Prince also met former servicemen accepted on to Spitfire training programme supported by his Endeavour Fund .
Cricket commentator Richie Benaud has died overnight aged 84 .
He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November .
Former Australian captain died peacefully in his sleep at a Sydney hospice .
Benaud had witnessed  as both a player and commentator  more than 500 Test matches throughout his career .
Tributes flowed in on Friday morning for the voice of Australian cricket .
Prime Minister Tony Abbott also offered his family a state funeral .
British designer prunes and grafts growing trees directly into shape .
He's currently tending a field of 400 tables chairs and lampshades .
Mainly using willow but also sycamore ash hazel and crab apple .
First crop to be harvested next year with furniture ready for sale in 2017 .
Watford have sealed an automatic return to the Premier League following their 20 win at Brighton and Middlesbrough's 43 loss at Fulham .
Players celebrated wildly on the teambus as the news came in .
Defender Tommie Hoban is confident that the team has what it takes to stay up next season and insists they already have a strong squad to build on .
Auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race .
The race saw 15 'boats' including a floating Subaru car and couch on tyres .
One vessel capsized outside of the harbour however no one was injured .
Hibiscus Coastguards posted their delight at everyone wearing life jackets .
Tom Ryan 40 had one leg ripped off and the other left hanging by a thread .
Onlookers used shirt as a tourniquet in desperate bid to stop the bleeding .
Witness: 'Tom was screaming. One leg was laying next to him under truck'
Cameron Hooker had kidnapped young hitchhiker Colleen Stan in 1977 .
Over the next seven years victim was tortured and raped as his captive .
Hooker now 61 was sentenced to a 104year prison term jail in 1985 .
He applied for early parole but was told he'd spent at least 15 years in jail .
54% want Sturgeon kept out of UK government 59% oppose the SNP .
Sturgeon launched manifesto with £140billion demand for more spending .
Cameron warns LabourSNP government is a 'match made in hell' for UK .
Lib Dems are most popular smaller governing party in hung parliament .
Manhattan District Attorney concluded 'criminal charge is not supported'
63yearold was accused of grabbing model at Tribeca Film Center office .
Father of five denied the claim but did face possible misdemeanor charges .
Battilana 22 didn't cooperate with police for four days after allegation .
Has been claimed delay was because she wanted to try and land a film role .
Ocean economic powerhouse valued at $24 trillion: WWF report .
Marco Lambertini: Ocean plays direct role in livelihoods across globe .
Rachelle Owen 16 has died after being hit by a train at a crossing in Wirral .
Her mother Kay Diamond 44 was allegedly murdered two months ago .
Friends said the schoolgirl 'just wanted to be with her mum' after her death .
Transport police said schoolgirl's death is  not being treated as suspicious .
Transport police said schoolgirl's death is  not being treated as suspiciou .
For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
Luke Shambrook 11 was found after he went missing on Good Friday .
He went missing in Lake Eildon National Park  northeast of Melbourne .
His family had taken him to the park since he was just one year old .
'Every year he's been up and down the hills' his dad Tim said .
The autistic boy was found on Tuesday by a police helicopter .
Doctors are amazed at how well he is doing considering his fourday ordeal .
The boy was suffering from dehydration hypothermia and exhaustion .
Fitness classes set up after survey showed 5 per cent of pupils were obese .
Around 50 pupils attend including 11yearold boy who weighs 12 stone .
Instructors say Kung Fu Panda classes are designed to make fitness fun .
Predator seen attacking hippo calf in Kruger National Park South Africa .
As the hippo emerges from the water it becomes separated from its mother .
Lion seizes opportunity and leaps on to animal attempting to land killer bite .
But the hippo's mother charges on to scene forcing the big cat to retreat .
Rolando Aarons was in contention to play for Under 21s on Wednesday .
The 19yearold Newcastle midfielder has suffered another injury setback .
The Magpies have lost their last five Barclays Premier League matches .
Jeffrey Klein apologizes for tweet with search for Susan Del Percio .
State senator said that newly hired female staffer accidentally sent it .
Experienced strategist Del Percio said that incident was 'silly mistake'
Ella May Rudd left a scathing review on Facebook for the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown Maryland after 10 visits to fix a leak .
Coowner Kyle Kandrick told her husband Rudd had 'personally attacked him' on Facebook and that he needed to 'deal with it before I deal with it'
The motheroftwo said she confronted Kandrick after the voicemail and said 'My husband will not handle me at all'
Rudd said the franchise's president told her he couldn't fire Kandrick because he's a coowner of the franchise .
EE shops will stock free chargers so people can revive phones while out .
Other smartphone users can sign up to service for £20 .
Comes after research found 60% customers said battery won't last a day .
Londonbased Trotters has unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection'
Range includes boy's Tshirts and romper suits and smocked dresses .
Kate apparently shopped at King's Road store for George .
George effect has boosted high street copycat sales .
Royal baby number two who is due next week is likely to do the same .
Dmitri Kovtun claims Alexander Litvinenko was carrying around polonium without knowing it .
Says the exspy's death was 'accidental suicide' during press conference .
Kovtun denies murdering Litvinenko but has agreed to give evidence at the public inquiry into his death .
Chelsea starlets Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown also took part in celebrations .
Quartet played a game of kickups with the twist of Songkran traditions .
Songkran festival is celebrated by Thais by throwing water at each other .
Brown captained Chelsea Under 19s to UEFA Youth League success .
READ: Courtois targets Premier League glory for Chelsea .
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique played down Neymar's angry reaction .
The Brazilian was unhappy to be taken off with 20 minutes to play .
Enrique says that he makes the final decisions and they must be respected .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
The video was filmed over 45 minutes at Bardwell Park station in Sydney .
It shows the rising flood water taking over the train tracks .
Sydney's twoday total rain fall totalled about 225mm on Wednesday .
The flooding caused a partial closure of the airport train line .
The singer had been off the scene for a while .
She says she was bedridden for months .
Lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower .
Diane McLean's fourbedroom rentstabilized apartment was destroyed in the explosion last week .
She paid $1500 a month of East Village home  a deal she may never find again .
GoFundMe has raised $87000 for her family .
Researchers at Brown University studied how people learned tasks .
It has already been shown gamers learn visual tasks better .
But in this study they had higher performance across two tasks .
'They may be in an expert category of visual processing' said Dr Sasaki .
Rarely since the first century have Christians faced persecution on this scale say Dolan Downey and Burnett.
Crisis escalated substantially as ISIS has swept through Iraq's Nineveh province the authors write.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .
But no tickets have been sold for the event at the MGM Grand .
Briefs are on sale on ticketing websites but the sellers do not have them .
Less than 1000 are expected to go on public sale priced from $1500 .
MayweatherPacquiao weighin will be first ever with paidfor tickets .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao news .
Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's best keepers .
With uncertainty over David de Gea's future United and PSG are interested .
Lloris signed a fiveyear deal with Spurs last year .
And Daniel Levy will put price tag on Lloris to keep United and PSG at bay .
Heart patients who were more grateful had improved physical health .
They had lower markers for inflammation  which can worsen heart failure .
They also had better moods better sleep and less fatigue experts found .
Writing a 'gratitude journal' is also linked with better heart health they said .
Creflo Dollar's ministry had posted a nowwithdrawn request asking 200000 people to chip in $300 each .
Dollar preaches a prosperity gospel which promises wealth  to those who tithe 10% of their income to the church .
The Atlantabased pastor said the devil wants to stop him from traveling the world spreading Christianity .
Fly initially looks satisfied as it tastes the frozen food .
Before realising it is stuck and beating its legs in panic .
It then attempts to free itself by heaving backwards .
The filmmaker eventually helps it out with a heat gun .
The footage was captured in Auckland New Zealand .
Aeman Presley 34 faces charges stemming from a string of murders that officials say he committed last year .
His alleged victims were Calvin Gholston 53 Dorian Jenkins 42 Tommy Mims 68 and Karen Pearce 44 .
Presley had reportedly moved from Los Angeles to Atlanta to restart his acting career but bought a gun with the stated intent of using it for robbery .
Instead after Presley killed Gholston he began seeking out others to kill .
Rory McIlory joined on the course by One Direction's Niall Horan for Par3 Contest .
Tiger Woods played in the Par3 Contest at the Augusta National for the first time since 2004 .
McIlroy shot a oneunderpar round to finish in a tie for 16th along with Ian Poulter .
Horan suffered an embarrassing slip while carrying McIlroy's clubs during the round on Wednesday .
Golf legend Jack Nicklaus his a hole in one on the fourth hole of the par3 course .
Rickie Fowler was caddied by his girlfriend Alexis Randock and played with twotime champion Bubba Watson .
Kevin Streelman won Par3 Contest after threehole playoff with Camilo Villegas .
Gary Goldsmith posted picture of alleged culprit to his Twitter account .
Accompanying message included the words: ‘Evil s***… Coming to get ya’
Mr Goldsmith was walking  in Regents Park when the incident happened .
Flamboyant millionaire businessman is Carole Middleton's younger brother .
Julie Schenecker 54 was found guilty last year of murdering her son Beau 13 and daughter Calyx 16 in their Tampa Florida home in January 2011 .
In a jailhouse interview she has now revealed she does not regret it .
She claimed her son was being sexually abused  but would not say by whom  and that her daughter was struggling with mental illness .
Authorities said she had admitted to shooting the children for being 'mouthy' and her journals detailed how she was going to kill them .
O'Malley using YouTube to test out attack lines .
How Clinton's new hire could help keep the Obama coalition together .
Republican concerns about the new 2016 primary calendar .
Manny Pacquiao ran along Griffith Park trail as he worked on his fitness .
The Filipino was accompanied by his pet dog Pacman during jog .
Pacquiao goes toetotoe with Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 .
READ: Pacquiao reveals his colourful mouth guard ahead of his bout .
$4.99 (£3.24) 'Uploader for Instagram' app was created by Caleb Benn .
The teenager is currently making $1000 (£675.70) a day from the app .
Instagram allegedly contacted Benn saying it violated terms of service .
Facebook which owns Instagram says it restricts use of private API .
HighThere! app is the world's first social network for cannabis enthusiasts .
App lets people swipe profiles to start conversations like Tinder .
It began life limited to US states were cannabis is legal but is now global .
Denverbased founder insists High There is more than a dating site .
Justus Howell 17 was running from scene of an 'argument' on Saturday .
Police chased him down shot him twice in the back according to autopsy .
He was pronounced dead at the scene in Zion IL at 2pm .
Raymond Billam defrauded the Department of Work and Pensions .
40yearold claimed he had severe problems with his knees and back .
Secretly filmed running and jumping as he played football for his pub team .
Given a suspended prison sentence and ordered to complete unpaid work .
England beat South Africa 2114 in the final at the Prince Chichibu ground .
England hadn't won a tournament since Wellington in February 2013 .
Phil Burgess Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored England's tries .
Win puts England fourth in series into the final Olympic qualifying spot .
Matt Prior picked up injury playing for England last year .
Achilles problem saw him lose his Test place to Jos Buttler .
Despite almost a year of rehab Prior is still a long way from making return .
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze enjoyed evening out with girlfriends .
Germany duo were joined by Montana Yorke and AnnKathrin Broemmel .
Schurrle and Gotze both enjoyed Bundesliga victories on Saturday .
Ukip leader lost for words as he met Ivan Loncsarevity at the plant in Essex .
Struggled for small talk because Mr Loncsarevity speaks little English .
Farage insisted he did not want to deport migrants if Britain left the EU .
Manny Pacquiao posed for a picture with Jeremy Lin and Mario Lopez .
The Filipino took to Instagram to post snap of his ripped physique .
Pacquiao is counting down the days 'until the blessed event' in Las Vegas .
READ: Floyd Mayweather admits he no longer enjoys boxing'
CLICK HERE to watch Pacquiao's open media workout live .
Shannen Hussein lives on a farm in Rockbank northwest of Melbourne .
She has cats dogs birds sheep snakes scorpions and many more pets .
The 21yearold's animals shot to fame when one of her Vines went viral .
It was shared by celebrities like Taylor Swift and Ellen Degeneres .
Cases of nine out of 12 journalists awaiting trial were dropped today .
Urgent review of cases prompted after Lucy Panton's conviction quashed .
Former News of the World reporter was first to be found guilty in case .
Calls made outside Old Bailey to stop 'persecuting innocent journalists'
Children's story written by Queen Victoria aged 10 now set to be published .
Short story tells tale of girl sent to boarding school after her mother died .
Story written in monarch's 'Composition' notebook as part of her studies .
Labour rival alerted colleagues after spotting councillor tucking into roast .
It is not the first time Jonny Bucknell 58 has demonstrated odd behaviour .
In 2013 he slept in his car to make a point while attending Tory conference .
Mr Bucknell said he will campaign for rule change about eating at meetings .
Cleveland Ohio officer Michael Brelo is facing two counts of manslaughter .
Timothy Russell 43 and Malissa Williams 30 killed during 2012 shooting .
Brelo's footprints were found on hood of Chevy Malibu where they died .
Rookie said he learned about hood 'because [Brelo] was talking about it'
Judge will decide Brelo's fate and he faces a max sentence of 25 years .
London Mayor claims Labour would embark on 'orgy of state socialism'
Accused Miliband of being 'hostile' to people who wanted to own a home .
Swamped by demands for selfies at Conservative launch in London .
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool last year but went back to Lille on loan .
He will join up with Liverpool properly after the end of the season .
Origi is impressed with the progress of Jordon Ibe and Raheem Sterling .
Sterling insists contract criticism 'goes in one ear and out the other'
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Prosecutor Marilyn Mosby has only been on the job since January .
She comes from a long line of police officers .
"I think that she will follow where the evidence leads. I do not think she will follow just public opinion" says a supporter .
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 UltraTrail du MontBlanc (UTMB) on a whim .
Hawker was the first woman to cross the finish line that year in 24th place .
She's gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’
Investigators have been searching Andreas Lubtiz's internet search history .
Lubitz sought information online on various methods of taking his own life .
He is also believed to have researched the cockpit door locking system .
Investigators now want to determine why the captain left the cockpit .
The FBI cites social media messages sent by Keonna Thomas 30 .
She's accused of trying to travel overseas to join ISIS .
Thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week .
Kelvin Day from Surrey has played a handful of events on Web.com Tour .
He entered the qualifying for the Houston Open and finished tied first .
He then made the cut and is now three shots off the lead .
Victory for Day would earn him a place in the Masters field .
New feature has been rolled out on Twitter's website and iPhone app .
Lets users embed tweets within their own messages and comment on it .
Tool means longer tweets as a comment can be 116 characters long .
Response has been mainly positive to the new feature online .
Cui Hongfang hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall .
Police have ruled it an accident but are still investigating .
Victim's family said the tourist was running on a steep section of the wall .
Craig Lister 54 from Watford  is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer .
This starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body .
One sideeffect is hot flushes: 'I have about ten to 12 flushes a day'
County supervisors approved the settlement with 30yearold Francis Pusok in a closed meeting .
A news helicopter following the chase recorded police Tasering Pusok putting him in handcuffs and continuing to beat him after he was subdued .
The incident has prompted an FBI civil rights investigation .
10 deputies placed on leave pending an internal probe .
Handwritten cardboard signs appear on lampposts in Milford Surrey .
Mystery surrounds who created then and the reason behind the gesture .
Signs asked the intended recipient to 'forgive me' and recall their first date .
Others contained declarations of love and said 'I've never been happier'
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by lawyer Alan Dershowtiz .
Model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel said he is considering legal action .
Comes after judge orders Roberts' sex slave claims struck from the record .
Nuku Vanonyi CudjoeCalvocoressi 41 taught politics at a public school .
He was caught indecently exposing himself to a woman on a train .
CudjoeCalvocoressi has been banned from teaching following hearing .
He was also told to sign the sex offenders register for five years .
Rajul Patel stole £30000 worth of valuables from London gym members .
Today he was jailed for 32 months for carrying out eight burglaries in 2014 .
The married fatherofone took wedding rings phones and Rolex watches .
He was caught when he returned to locker room just after starting workout .
Patel tried to escape arrest by hiding behind a clothes rack in nearby shop .
Swastika and 'scum' sprayed in white paint on window and blue door .
Labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals .
Scottish Councillor Ross Thomson posted images of graffiti on Twitter .
Kenya's athletic federation has banned runners' agents for six months .
Marathon world record holder Dennis Kimetto is a client of one of two banned management companies   Volare Sports and Rosa & Associati .
Investigations into a doping spike among runners is set to take place .
Justin D. Smith 18 and 20yearold Efrain Diaz are accused of killing 22yearold Ohionative Jonathan Krueger .
Unidentified 18yearold told by guards in Arizona jail to go back to his cell .
Inmate at Phoenix facility punched two officers knocking them out .
Young man eventually subdued though four taser shots didn't work .
Scott Beaty 44 in intensive care with broken facial bones and brain bleed .
Preston Wright 23 killed his girlfriend Sarah Owen 21 with a knife .
Wright then turned the weapon on himself inside the home in Norman .
Officers were met by a boy thought to be Wright's brother at the house .
He said Owen had been cleaning out the garage when she got into a fight with Wright .
Eyewitnesses first saw the couple arguing outside of the home .
Police found the couple dead inside the house with severe stab wounds .
Crash happened as van driver was moving along M6 slip road at junction 8 .
Car towing caravan tries to move into lane but two vehicles collide .
As the car driver climbs out van driver unleashes his foulmouthed tirade .
Nigel Farage is considering quitting smoking because of 'terrible' back pain .
UKIP leader wasn't 'firing on all cylinders' at the start of election campaign .
Suffering from flareup of spinal injury and been prescribed sleeping pills .
'Her bill was $20 and some change and they paid with $21 and left' said the manager of the Maumee Ohio restaurant .
To be fair  'Clinton didn't pay' for the meal  'The other lady paid the bill' he said referring to Abedin the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign .
This branch of the chain DOES have a tip jar says its manager  although many other Chipotles do not .
Clinton and Abedin dropped by restaurant incognito for lunch during their road trip from New York to Iowa for the first round of campaign events .
Muhammadu Buhari tells CNN's Christiane Amanpour that he will fight corruption in Nigeria .
Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and is grappling with violent Boko Haram extremists .
Nigeria is also Africa's biggest economy but up to 70% of Nigerians live on less than a dollar a day .
Paige VanZant won every round recording a win by 3027 3026 and 3026 .
The 21yearold was having just her second fight in the UFC .
VanZant has been tipped as one of the next stars of the promotion .
She said it feels like her birthday whenever she walks out into the cage .
TV star Terry Willesee's son arrested for smoking weed at Sydney Town Hall .
Jesse Willesee ran a #weedisnotacrime social media campaign on Monday .
The marijuana advocate's girlfriend provocatively poses in marijuana themed underwear to support his stance .
Jasmine Dinjar also shows off her marijuana leafpainted nails and lights up with a pipe in her social media posts .
Sensing a legislative defeat White House said the president would be willing to sign the bill if senators axed key portions of their Iran bill .
Senators voted 190 to give the White House some of but not all of its asks and left in a signature feature giving Congress authority over a deal .
It now goes to the full Senate where it is could pass with a vetoproof majority  making the president powerless to reject it .
Some 276 girls were kidnapped from their school in northeastern Nigeria by Boko Haram a year ago .
Mass abduction prompted global outcry with protesters around the world under the #BringBackOurGirls banner .
Charles Alasholuyi has held up a #BringBackOurGirls sign almost every day since to keep up awareness .
Kaitlyn Granado 24 first arrested March 19 for relationship with boy 15 .
Admitting kissing and letting him touch her and was released on bail .
Officers quizzed another 15yearold on March 24 over second relationship .
Granado arrested again amid claims she had sex with second boy in car .
Jia Huaijin aspires to bring back 2000yearold sword making technique .
Each sword is worth 18 times the monthly salary of the Chinese president .
Blades are handcrafted from steel that is 3mm thick and are razor sharp .
Sword fanatics from as far as Canada have bought the expensive replicas .
The boy picked up the condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett Colorado last week .
His mother said it would be a year until her son had the allclear from his STD testing .
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee 22 and Ryan Austin Calhoun 23 have been charged in connection to the alleged sexual attack .
Police in Troy Alabama found the video while investigating a shooting .
Video 'shows two men raping unconscious woman on Florida beach'
Authorities say hundreds of people walk past but don't intervene .
Two additional suspects are being sought in connection to the incident .
Unite boss Len McCluskey told members that Unions created Labour .
He urged members to 'take back our country' and 'bring back decency'
Last week his union pumped a further £1 million into the Labour Party .
More than half of Labour candidates in winnable seats are backed by Unite .
Pippa was seen pounding the pavement on a long run in the London heat .
The 31yearold is currently in training ahead of a 54mile charity bike ride .
She kept cool in coordinating orange vest and Adidas shorts .
Paul Monk 54 was wanted by Spanish police in connection with a murder .
The Essex man is a suspect in the murder of Francis Brennan .
Brennan's body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year .
Police released footage of their swoop on Monk's Alicante villa .
The race for promotion from the Championship is set to go to the wire .
The top four teams in the second tier are separated by just two points .
The next four sides in the table are covered by a single point .
Bournemouth spent 101 days at the top  the longest this season .
Jacksonville Jaguars will get a UK fan to announce their NFL draft picks .
Their sixth and seventh round selections will be revealed live on television .
It will be the first time part of the NFL draft has taken place outside the US .
Basketball star was bundled to ground by six officers and arrested .
Suffered a broken right fibula and is not able to play for rest of season .
Statement over Twitter said he was in 'great pain' from 'significant' injury .
NYPD investigation launched to judge if officers used 'excessive force'
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on on loan last summer .
Striker has only managed four goals in a disappointing season .
Nabil Dirar said he would have been better off saying at Monaco .
READ: Gareth Bale won't be sold to Man United insists Zinedine Zidane .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
£2.99 editing app is thought to be loved by Kim Kardashian .
Allows you to retouch face banish wrinkles and change eye colour .
FEMAIL tests out retouching skills on their selfies .
Walton Canonry has view of Salisbury Cathedral enjoyed by John Constable while taking studies for famous painting .
300yearold home with six bedrooms and views of Salisbury Cathedral and Avon has gone on the market for £7million .
Constable painting Salisbury Cathedral From The Meadows was bought by the Tate for £23.1million in 2013 .
Sir Alex Ferguson managed Manchester United between 19862013 .
73yearold won 38 trophies during his 26andahalf years in charge .
Honours include 13 Premier League titles and two Champions Leagues .
Alissa Sizemore from Vernal Utah was only sevenyearsold when her right leg had to be amputated below the knee after she was hit by a truck .
The dancer removed her prosthetic leg midway though her emotional performance .
Alissa recently starred in a music video for the Utahbased musical trio Gentri .
Reading lost 21 to Arsenal in FA Cup semifinal at Wembley on Saturday .
Royals No 1 Adam Federici made a horror mistake for second goal .
Manager Steve Clarke insists his players will rally around the Australian .
Conman who inspired Spielberg film says personal details no longer safe .
Frank Abagnale with FBI for 35 years says IDs have already been stolen .
Fraud expert calls level of theft 'unimaginable' in the technological age .
Jake Drage released after nine months in an Indonesian prison .
Drage was jailed following a crash that killed a woman riding a motorbike .
23yearold West Australian man sang children's songs as he was released .
Says one of the first things he'll do is go surfing after getting back home .
SNP leader says she will hold talks with Westminster parties after May 8 .
First Minister is not standing for election and will not be in Commons .
Vows to use Fix Term Parliament Act to 'change direction' of government .
Mandelson's firm says the SNP will emerge as the winners of the election .
TNS poll puts SNP up two points on 54% with Labour down two to 22% .
Orange County Fire Authority paramedic Chris Trokey was part of a team that saved a driver's life after his car was hit by a truck in 2011 .
When he went to the hospital he learned the man was Dr Michael Shannon  the same man who saved his life when he was born weighing 3lbs .
The two men reunited this weekend at a fundraising event .
Alan Gordon put LA Galaxy into the lead after 23 minutes with a header .
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey both missed the game through injury .
Lamar Neagle had a number of chances to score for the visitors .
David Beckham was present to watch the MLS clash at the StubHub Arena .
Eleven politicians from 7 parties made comments in letter to a newspaper .
Said DPP Alison Saunders had 'damaged public confidence' in justice .
Ms Saunders ruled Lord Janner unfit to stand trial over child abuse claims .
The CPS has pursued at least 19 suspected paedophiles with dementia .
When people search hashtags for the aubergine emoji no posts appear .
This is despite the fact photos have been tagged using this image .
Vegetable also known as eggplant is often used to represent male genitals .
Instagram bans nudity on the site under its Community Guidelines .
Richard Henyekane died in car accident in the early hours of Tuesday .
The former South Africa striker was the only person to die in the crash .
Henyekane made nine appearances for South Africa back in 2009 .
Once heard on stage in the street and at work whistling is on the decline .
End of variety shows working class jobs and rise of mobiles contributed .
Poll shows 70 percent  heard more whistling twenty or thirty years ago .
Popular in The Life of Brian and 1980s pop songs now the whistle is out .
Man who has not been named turned gun on himself at 2.15pm .
His estranged exgirlfriend mother of his child works at the site .
He visited the park twice last week received two restraining orders .
Was standing by new Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time .
Four visitors witnessed suicide sheriffs tried to talk him out of it but failed .
The Queen's former personal chef has revealed her favourite foods .
These include Special K chocolate cake scones and venison .
It comes as Her Majesty has advertised for a sous chef .
The role pays £28000 a year and there will be accommodation available .
A girl is seized by authorities who thought she was the daughter of a woman in Houston .
DNA tests show she is not .
The mother of Alondra Luna Nuñez says: "They stole my child"
Turkish Airlines flight landed at Istanbul Ataturk from Milan Italy .
Believed there were 97 passengers on board all who escaped injury .
Pilot had aborted a first landing as flames engulfed right engine .
Jason Lee 38 was arrested in August 2013 after a woman accused him of attacking her at the home he and his wife rented in East Hampton .
After inviting the woman and her friends back to the house he allegedly undressed forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor .
Lee was celebrating his birthday at a Hamptons night club night of incident .
The former investment banker pleaded not guilty and is free on $100000 bail .
Satire puppet show depicts Prince George as a 'blingedup rascal'
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge seen worrying about 'common' son .
Prince puppet seen addressing female doctor with 'Oi oi! Hello treacle'
Paula Duncan is an Australian actress famous for 'Ajax Spray'n'Wipe' ad .
Previously starred in seventies shows 'The Young Doctors' and 'Cop Shop'
Jessica Orcsik daughter of Duncan found her after  suicide attempt .
Duncan talks candidly  about feeling rejected and attempting to take her life .
Florent Malouda has chosen the likes of John Terry and Didier Drogba .
Petr Cech starts in goal while David Luiz is deployed at right back .
Thierry Henry and Didier Drogba lead line in Malouda's dream team .
Marty Stroud admitted in a letter published in a Louisiana newspaper last month that he was to blame for putting Glenn Ford behind bars in 1983 .
Stroud: 'I was not as interested in justice as I was in winning'
Ford now 65 was freed a year ago after evidence emerged showing he was not at the scene of the murder and has since been living on donations .
He has also been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and has months to live .
Stroud visited Ford's home to apologize to him facetoface but Ford told him he was not able to forgive him .
A Cairns man faces court after giving his daughter medical cannabis oil .
Twoyearold daughter is suffering from a rare form of cancer .
The 30yearold father claims the effects of the cannabis were miraculous .
He was arrested  for administering the drug to his daughter .
He has since set up a campaign to highlight his situation .
Sheriff Mbye 18 died in hospital  after being stabbed outside a KFC .
A 19yearold suffered serious stab wounds and is in a critical condition .
Police are trying to trace a 'number of men' as part of murder investigation .
An 18yearold from Birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
Former Olympian said he has 'always been on the conservative side' of LGBT issues .
Said: 'I would sit in church and always wonder "In God’s eyes how does he see me?"'
Jack Wilshere captained Arsenal U21s squad against Reading on Monday .
Wilshere is building his fitness following his return from a longterm injury .
However he couldn't stop the young Gunners from losing the clash .
Wilshere is hoping to appear in the FA Cup semifinal against Reading .
READ: Arsenal have doubts over signing Liverpool star Raheem Sterling .
£3m film charts life of Ukrainianborn Soviet sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko .
Aims to be a hit in both countries despite the ongoing crisis in Ukraine .
Has been launched with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev .
Pavlichenko killed 309 Nazis during battles in Odessa and Sevastopol .
Woman charged with assault after attacking 16yearold McDonald's worker .
Amy Johnson 38 said the fries had fallen out of their containers .
McDonald's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet .
Johnson ordered new ones and grew angry going inside the store .
Police have said Johnson aggressively grabbed the teen around the neck .
She stayed silent through today's court proceedings and didn't enter a plea .
She spoke outside court saying the teenager called her a 'dog'
Around Australia men and women flocked to play twoup after attending Dawn and Memorial Services on Anzac Day .
The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games took place in the late 1790s .
Twoup is illegal on all days apart from Anzac Day as it is considered a form of gambling .
Versions vary between the original twocoined game and threecoined version .
Pennies are placed on a paddle and are thrown into the air for people to bet on ('heads' or 'tails')
David Wheeler: Corinthian considered a "predator" school will shut down campuses .
Wheeler: Students of forprofit colleges are hapless victims their debts should be forgiven .
Police discovered the body of a female in bushland on Friday afternoon .
Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday which sparked a search .
The burnt remains is believed to be the muchloved school teacher .
Police will contact authorities in Holland for a background check on accused killer Vincent Stanford who was charged with murder .
Stanford's family led police to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith .
Forensic testing will be carried out on the remains of the body on Monday .
Esteban Cambiasso says saving Leicester will feel like winning a trophy .
The Argentinian has become a key player for Nigel Pearson's side .
Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Leicester City news .
The virtual reality headset is available to buy from Firebox for £29.95 .
It works with Android and iOS phones via virtual reality apps and 3D films .
The maximum size of the device must be 3.5 x 5.7inches (8.2 x 15.4cm)
It calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as Oculus Rift .
Tottenham are sitting sixth in the Premier League after a long season .
That place would see them qualify for the Europa League next year .
But in the past it has been said to cause them more harm than good .
Christian Eriksen says he wants to qualify as it helps attract top players .
Tottenham's Europa League participation was a factor in the Dane signing .
Two more AfricanAmericans have been elected to the Ferguson City Council .
Tuesday's vote is the first in Ferguson since the shooting death of Michael Brown .
Patricia Wilnecker has visited Lamorna Cove every year since 1948 .
Pensioner 81 even moved to the area and wrote book about Cornish coast .
But landowner claims she deliberately knocked down son Daniel 36 .
Roy Stevenson said she can come back if 'she tells him she's sorry'
Young star is seen in video inhaling gas before laughing and passing out .
It comes just days after he was seen puffing on a strong shisha pipe .
Manager Brendan Rodgers says it's not something he should be doing .
Comes amid reports the £35000aweek player is not happy at Liverpool .
Porto earn 31 Champions League quarterfinal first leg victory against Bayern Munich .
Ricardo Quaresma gives Porto early lead with third minute penalty after Manuel Neuer's foul on Jackson Martinez .
Former Chelsea man Quaresma doubles home side's lead following mistake from Bayern defender Dante .
Thiago Alcantara pulls Bundesliga champions back into the tie with 28th minute strike .
Colombian forward Martinez puts Porto into commanding 31 lead midway through second half .
New York police detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended pending internal investigation .
He is accused of stealing $3000 during an illegal cigarettes raid police say .
Emmanuel Sithole was attacked by a mob who repeatedly stabbed him and beat him using a metal wrench .
South African gang carried out the sickening murder because Mr Sithole was born in neighbouring Mozambique .
Killing took place in Alexandra township near Johannesburg after a night of xenophobic looting and attacks .
Locals blame migrants from elsewhere in Africa for a lack of jobs  with neighbours turning on one another .
In a chilling twist Mr Sithole did not receive treatment at nearby medical centre because foreignborn duty doctor failed to turn up for work as he feared being attacked .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
650 seats up for grabs on May 7 but more than half will not change hands because one party is so far ahead .
Electoral Reform Society calls result in 325 seats in England 5 in Scotland 20 in Wales and 14 in Northern Ireland .
70% of seats in the East of England are considered safe but only 10% per cent in Scotland as SNP makes big gains .
Jockey Aidan Coleman wants to right past wrongs at The Grand National .
Coleman prepares to ride the wellbacked The Druids Nephew .
The eightyearold is a 121 shot for the £1million steeplechase this year .
Coleman rode the seventh fence faller Stan six years ago .
CLICK HERE for Sportsmail's 2015 Grand National sweepstake kit .
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby .
Gay couple will become fathers for a third time in a few weeks after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers .
First child Phoenix Blue born on January 14 while daughter WillowStar arrived in 25minute labour on February 25 .
Upcoming birth means the parents from Surrey will have completed their family of three within just seven months .
Surgeon Sergio Canavero sees 'no problem' with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life .
Hopes his first patient will be Russian with genetic muscle wasting disease .
Valery Spiridonov 30 has volunteered to be a guinea pig despite the risks .
Dr Canavero has been called 'nuts' by critics who think his plans a fantasy .
Getty Images photographer John Moore received the industry's top gong last night for his incredible photographs .
His pictures show the horror and heartbreak of the deadly Ebola virus as it ravaged West Africa last year .
The expert judging panel said his photographs conveyed the situation with 'heart compassion and understanding'
He was named the winner from group of 13 photographers across categories that included landscapes and culture .
NBA player Jeff Green had open heart surgery to repair an aortic aneurysm in 2011 .
Green missed the entire 20112012 basketball season .
Now he donates time to young cardiovascular patients .
Lazio have won eight successive Serie A games ahead of Juventus clash .
Stefano Pioli's side will cut gap at the top to nine points with victory .
AC Milan and Inter Milan struggling for form ahead of derby .
Napoli host Hellas Verona after impressing in Europa League .
Hull's Steve Bruce has revealed the club have reapplied for name change .
The FA blocked previous attempt for club to become Hull Tigers .
Previous attempt to change name by owner Assem Allam angered fans .
Car burst into flames at Sydney airport's international terminal on Thursday .
4WD was completely destroyed when flames started spewing from engine .
Fire crews worked to put out flames as smoke covered outdoor car park .
Vehicle was surrounded by other cars at busy terminal car park .
Fabio Borini visited Go Ape adventure park in Delamere Forest on Tuesay .
The Liverpool striker shared Instagram pictures from his day out .
Borini came on as a substitute for Liverpool against Newcastle on Monday .
Gary Bowyer hopes Jordan Rhodes can fire Blackburn into next round .
Blackburn face Liverpool at home after drawing with the Reds at Anfield .
The Championship outfit will have their first sellout crowd since 2011 .
The fight broke out at store in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood .
It went on for several minutes while witnesses both watched and filmed .
The police were called but all the women had departed by time they arrived .
An investigation is ongoing and the cause of the fight remains unclear .
Beth O'Rourke 44 of Paxton Massachusetts has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer .
She passed away on April 16 and wrote her own obituary .
The mother of Courtney 11 and Seamus 8 called herself a 'survivor' and said she 'loved' life .
A page has now been created to raise money for her children's educations .
Research was conducted at the University of Southern California .
Scientists there have identified a gene named Nox3 found in the inner ear .
Say this is crucial in determining a person's vulnerability to hearing loss .
Noiseinduced hearing loss is most common workrelated illness in the US .
"Grey's Anatomy" is in its 11th season .
Derek Shepherd played by Patrick Dempsey died after a car crash .
Parents of miracle baby Sonit Awal overjoyed as infant pulled from rubble .
Father dragged rocks away with his bare hands to try and free the boy .
Infant was saved by a cupboard that fell protecting him from aftershocks .
Mum Rasmila has thanked 'God and the rescuers' for saving her child .
Six people including one civilian are killed when a car bomb explodes near a police station .
Six others are killed when their armored vehicle is attacked on a highway in northern Sinai .
Ansar Beit AlMaqdis an ISIS affiliate claims responsibility .
Tim Sherwood took time to reply to Aston Villa fan Charlie Pye .
The sixyearold applied for the Villa job when Paul Lambert was sacked .
Aston Villa face Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday .
Norwegian vets criticise EU regulations on treatment of organic fish .
First line of treatment for organic fish should be homeopathic remedy .
Vets call directives 'scientifically illiterate' saying it delays real care .
British vets say use of homeopathy could lead to serious health detriment .
Angela Merkel and husband spotted while on Italian island holiday .
Chancellor has been staying in the same village and hotel for years .
The fivestar spa hotel where she vacations cost up to £280 a night .
Mrs Merkel has been ejoying Pilates classes and 'healthy meals'
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the 79th Masters at Augusta National .
Bubba Watson is the defending champion and chasing a third Masters win .
Tiger Woods returns to action but has no form and worries over his game .
Jason Day and other bighitters look set for strong week at Masters 2015 .
COURSE GUIDE: McIlroy and more stars take you round Augusta National .
CLICK HERE for the Masters 2015 leaderboard .
Christian Benteke's superb hattrick against QPR secured a vital point for Aston Villa in their fight against relegation .
Fabian Delph also gave an assured performance for Villa in midfield .
Matty Phillips is proving similarly key for the Hoops and notched his sixth assist of 2015 .
Charlie Austin scored his 17th Premier League goal of the campaign .
Bubba Watson was voted most unpopular golfer by his fellow pros .
Survey asked which player they would not help if they were in a fight .
Anonymous questionnaire saw reigning Masters champion come top .
Watson said he took the result 'with pride'
American defends his title as the 79th Masters tees off on Thursday .
A selection of notes from British artist's 1500note collection goes on display in London .
Artist spent six years trawling streets finding scraps of paper detailing people's lives .
In era of smartphones and social media notes provide reminder of power of handwritten word .
Eden Hazard will start for Chelsea against Stoke City on Saturday .
Belgium midfielder is 'tired' following the international break .
Diego Costa has recovered from hamstring injury confirms Mourinho .
But the Blues top scorer may not be ready to start Premier League clash .
Still a fourhorse race for the title according to the Chelsea manager .
Tom Daley won  bronze  in the men's 10m platform at the 2012 Olympics .
Firework dive is a forward threeandahalf somersaults with one twist pike .
Daley won silver with the plunge at the World Diving Series last month .
Daley's main aim this year is to win gold at the World Championships .
Desperate father is begging people to ride him to raise muchneeded cash .
Family is in thousands of pounds of debt from numerous rounds of chemo .
Little Minghao 9 needs further treatment after leukaemia came back .
Unnamed girl was targeted by threatening posts on social network .
Was taken home from Lone Hills Middle School in San Dimas California .
Investigators believe fellow students are posting the threats .
In one message a user threatens to bring a knife to school and stab the girl .
Single mother from Philadelphia is facing four counts of endangering welfare of a child .
Firefighters rescued a boy and three girls ages 9 to 13 from basement in Kensington section Sunday .
Police say the children were without access to food or bathroom for about 15 hours .
Family friend said the mother locked her kids after one of them stole money .
ARod returned to the New York Yankees lineup for the opening day .
Alex Rodriguez came back from a 162game suspension for the Yankees .
He received a warm welcome on his comeback with fans even holding up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd .
92 percent of US teens go online daily  and 24% are online constantly .
Instagram and Snapchat popular with children from wealthier families .
Facebook remains the dominant social media network .
Scheldeprijs Classic ended in disaster after a huge crash in final kilometre .
Sam Bennett suffered shocking injuries to his back and shoulders .
The 24yearold BoraArgon 18 rider revealed injuries on Instagram .
Team Sky's Bradley Wiggins was involved in the race but avoided crash .
Alexander Kristoff went on to win the event after avoiding the accident .
Video shows ESPN reporter Britt McHenry berating and belittling a tow company worker .
Drexler: She was wrong to act that way but aren't we too quick to judge without seeing full video?
Lance Futch 26 was shocked to discover that his 'informal meeting' with a federal official to discuss jobs for veterans was actually with President Barack Obama .
'If I had known it was my CommanderinChief I definitely would have been wearing my blues' said Futch referring to his National Guard dress uniform .
Futch works for Utah solar energy company Vivant Solar and discussed with the President whether the field offered stable career paths for veterans .
Italian Navy's "Mare Nostrum" mission to rescue wouldbe migrants in peril rescued an estimated 100000 people .
Operation ended in October 2014 but the tide of people trying to cross the Mediterranean has not abated .
Italy has borne brunt of task of picking up sheltering and providing food and medical help to illegal migrants .
Miley 22 ditched razor for rock event on Saturday .
Her followers were divided in opinion over her unshaven armpits .
Julia Roberts Pixie Lott and Scout Willis have all bared their armpit hair .
Rafael Nadal beat Spanish compatriot Nicolas Almagro 63 61 .
Nadal exacted revenge on Almagro  who beat him last year's quarterfinals .
World No 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court .
Bournemouth lead the Championship by four points with four games left .
Yann Kermorgant fired the Cherries into the lead in the 70th minute .
Callum Wilson doubled the visitors' advantage 10 minutes later .
Eddie Howe's side have set a club record 106 goals in all competitions .
John Helinski 62 slept in a cardboard box in Tampa Bay for three years .
He applied for homeless housing but struggled as he had no identification .
It had all been stolen years earlier  virtually forcing him onto the streets .
A case worker and a cop looked into his past and uncovered his records .
Helsinki then went into a Tampa bank and discovered a lost account .
Enough money and social security was in there for him to buy a house .
HSBC was ordered to pay £500 to couple for ‘distress and inconvenience’
The banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the £250000 loan .
Bosses defended decision and argued it was ‘entitled to apply maximum age policy’
Marcelo Bosch secured a  1211 win for Saracens against Racing Metro .
Saracens struggled for most of the Champions Cup quarterfinal .
But Bosch's huge penalty conversion saw them make the semifinal .
Rafael Nadal was bidding for a ninth Barcelona Open title this year .
But the world No 4 lost to Italian Fabio Fognini 64 76 (86) in third round .
Nadal has won just one title since winning his 10th French Open last June .
The Spaniard admitted it was a 'very sad day' following the defeat .
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family .
His new book The Glazer Gatekeeper tells all about his time in the job .
Nayani insists that the Glazer takeover was always a longterm project .
Sir Alex Ferguson used to invite the owners into the home dressing room .
Nayani believes the Red Knights consortium were never serious suitors .
The Glazers are not 'ogres' despite fan opinion according to Nayani .
Esa's Rosetta spacecraft temporarily lost contact with Earth .
The problem occurred when flying just nine miles above comet 67P .
Comet debris caused the probe to lose track of its position in space .
But after a nervy 24 hours engineers successfully made contact again .
Parents Phillip and Gaby BeckleRaymond discovered a leak in roof .
Hired builder to fix problem at their three bed London home .
He took roof off and then disappeared with £10k of their money .
Sub contractor botched efforts to give them loft conversion .
He charged £7000 for parts and labour but left them with unsafe building .
Family had to live in one room for six months as home had no roof .
Rain water got in causing ceilings to collapse .
Britain's Horror Homes is on Channel 5 Tuesdays at 8pm .
Kamron T. Taylor was recently convicted of murdering Nelson Williams Jr 21 in June 2013 .
Victim's father Nelson Williams Sr 48 says he is afraid Taylor might ambush him .
He beat a guard unconscious stole his keys and uniform and fled in his SUV .
Taylor was awaiting sentencing at Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee Illinois when he escaped early Wednesday .
The 23yearold fugitive is wanted for aggravated battery to a correctional officer as well as escape .
Cash reward for any information has been increased to $7500 .
John Truong of Renton Washington says sister dropped off 2yearold boy Ronnie Tran at his house Tuesday .
Sister Alyssa Chang told him the boy was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to have a date night .
While scanning Facebook the next morning Truong read an Amber Alert issued for the boy and then called police .
Truong's sister was arrested for kidnapping Tran and his mother with the help of the toddler's grandmother 65yearold Vien Nguyen .
Nguyen later turned herself into police for questioning .
The motive for the abduction has not yet been released .
Powers appeared in the final season of the longrunning sitcom .
He played the husband of main character Thelma .
Powers died April 6 at his home in New Bedford Massachusetts at the age of 64. His family have not revealed the cause of death .
Filmmakers said they plan to use the latest Ultra HD camera technology .
Eightpart series will take four years to make will debut on Netflix in 2019 .
Will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there .
Anyone 'inciting' extreme thinness faces prison and fines of up to £7000 .
New law voted through by MPs to prevent the 'vicious circle of anorexia'
Condition affects 40000 people in France and has very high mortality rate .
Wolf Hall actor Damian Lewis said redheads' 'stock is high'
Actors with red hair starring in hit films Game of Thrones and Mad Men .
FEMAIL takes a look at the hottest flamehaired stars around .
Theodosia Aresti 71 was horrified when sewage erupted from her bath .
The cause was a blocked pipe and her flat became filled with human waste .
Sewage from 239 other flats spewed into her apartment .
Tide of excrement soaked her carpet and left bedroom smelling 'foul'
Was forced to sleep in sewagefilled flat for four days .
Workmen eventually fixed the problem and replaced the carpet .
She says the experience left her needing counselling .
Theodosia Aresti appears on Britain's Horror Homes tonight at 8pm on Channel 5 .
Leigh Griffiths revealed that Ronny Deila and John Collins warned him .
The Celtic striker took a while to settle in at his new club after his move .
Griffiths has been in redhot form and scored three against Kilmarnock .
Jaclyn Methuen nearly left her husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she wasn't physically attracted to him .
The alarming footage was captured in Yatala on the Gold Coast .
Officers can be seen rescuing victims from inside a burning vehicle .
One passenger suffered a broken neck and the others had minor injuries .
Friends of the victims were trying to fight officers at the scene .
A 20yearold man has been charged with a medley of offences .
Lane Smith died after falling and hitting his head in July 2014  just a few weeks before his girlfriend Sierra Sharry gave birth to their son Taos .
When Taos turned sixmonthsold Sharry asked a local photographer Kayli Henley to make their family complete .
The photographer added an image of Smith to one of their photos .
'This is how I picture us' Sharry said. 'Taos and I living our lives the best we can with Lane ALWAYS watching over our shoulder'
The image has been shared thousands of times online and Henley has been inundated with similar requests from other people .
Barcelona temporarily opened up a sevenpoint lead over Real Madrid at the top of La Liga .
Argentina superstar Lionel Messi opened the scoring with a trademark curled finish after 33minutes .
Secondplaced Real Madrid play Rayo Vallecano later on Wednesday evening to close the sevenpoint gap .
Luis Suarez doubled the Catalan's lead with a similarly curling leftfooted stunner after the interval .
Barca defender Marc Bartra netted the third with a far post header from Xavi's whipped in cross .
Former Liverpool striker Suarez tapped in a late goal from Pedro's cross in injury time to complete the rout .
Lena 28 penned ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’ for the May issue of Seventeen magazine .
The Girls star revealed that she never wanted to be normal while in high school no matter what her peers thought of her .
She explains that being unique and individual is what has helped her to achieve so much success .
Ed Balls rules out any SNP pact benefiting Scotland at England's expense .
Ed Miliband has ruled out forming a coalition with Nicola Sturgeon's party .
But  stopped short of dismissing deal to prop up a Labour administration .
Dornoch in Scotland is pointing tourists towards the local abattoir .
The attraction is listed beneath the toilet doctor and the town's museum .
Visitors hoping to experience the slaughterhouse face disappointment .
The abattoir has been closed for several years and is being demolished .
Washington's American Chemical Society video explains the Avengers .
It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit and Captain America's shield .
And it also explains science behind Black Widow's superhealing abilities .
The verdict is that some  but not all  of the science is plausible .
Sarina Aziz was flying back from Israel with parents Mark and Ariella Aziz .
But girl became agitated after being placed on the parents' lap .
Pilot turned plane around at Ben Gurion and armed police ejected family .
Father Mark Aziz insists family were being compliant and asking for help .
Mother speaks of her disbelief at how the incident was handled by staff .
A 19yearold woman said a man had looked under her changing cubicle .
Police issued CCTV images from at Aqua Vale swimming pool in Aylesbury .
New pictures thought to be connected to similar incident at the same pool .
On February 7 two teenage girls were sexually assaulted in changing area .
British No 1 faces Tomas Berdych in the Miami Open semifinals .
Former coach Dani Vallverdu and now fitness trainer Jez Green left Andy Murray's team to join up with the Czech .
Murray defeated Berdych in a controversial Australian Open semifinal .
NatWest Twenty20 Blast launched at Edgbaston on Thursday .
Andrew Flintoff was present with a player from each county .
Former England captain backed underfire Test captain Alastair Cook .
Defeat by Everton showed that Manchester United have a long way to go .
Daley Blind is a povertystricken pauper's version of Michael Carrick .
United should bring in Sven Bender and Ilkay Gundogan in midfield .
Playmaker Henrikh Mkhitaryan would also improve Louis van Gaal's side .
READ MORE: Brendan Rodgers is ruining Rickie Lambert's career .
READ MORE: Mesut Ozil is in danger of becoming an Arsenal flop .
Chief executive Tony Scholes apparently watched Sampdoria this week .
Stoke City are said to be monitoring Sampdoria's Pedro Obiang .
West Ham are also interested in the midfielder available for about £6m .
Harry Kane will play for Gareth Southgate's side at this year's tournament .
He will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's postseason trip to Malaysia and Australia .
Kane scored on his England debut in their 40 win against Lithuania .
Everton ace Ross Barkley and Liverpool's Raheem Sterling are excused .
Josi Harrison Laura Lefebvre and Hailey Walden were 'lured into taking naked pictures for their high schoolage boyfriends' in Clatskanie Oregon .
The photos were 'passed around like baseball cards' in 2009 .
But school officials told them to 'suck it up' and warned THEY would be charged for 'creating and distributing child pornography'
Now 6 years later they will each be paid $75000 damages by the school .
Brazil international wants to win his place back at Stamford Bridge .
He has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February .
'I don't see why I would think of leaving' said the 23yearold .
Chelsea face resurgent Manchester United in Premier League on Saturday .
NEW This is a multistate outbreak "occurring over several years" the CDC says .
CDC says 3 people died from bacteria believed to have come from Blue Bell .
"We are heartbroken about this situation" Blue Bell CEO and president says .
Daisy 26 stars in new Rodial beauty shoot .
Shares the secrets behind her flawless look .
Has been partying in Coachella with famous friends over the weekend .
Roof of Silverstone race track was damaged by high winds .
A section of the £27m building was affected by weather earlier this week .
Upcoming races and events at Silverstone will not be affected .
Linda and George Hunter became mortgage free around 15 years ago .
But eight years ago their street became part of a regeneration scheme .
Liverpool city council bought houses and boarded them up for demolition .
Estate agents say couple will now struggle to sell home for more than £1 .
Marvel's longawaited show "Daredevil" began streaming early Friday .
Bingewatchers are already giving the series high marks .
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie on Wednesday .
The film The Ridiculous 6 is a spoof of The Magnificent Seven that is being made for Netflix .
One extra who walked off claims that the production crew and director ignored their complaints about offensive jokes .
This included inaccurate costumes and referring to one woman as 'Beaver's Breath'
The film also stars Nick Nolte Steve Buscemi Blake Shelton and Taylor Lautner who has previously said he has distant Native American ancestry .
Netflix said in a statement 'It is a broad satire of Western movies and the stereotypes they popularized featuring a diverse cast that is not only part of  but in on  the joke'
Beverley Davis stole £9164 from Ray Warren 89 over three month period .
The motherofthree paid for Chinese food a creche and her mortgage .
Portsmouth Crown Court heard Mr Warren died after the cash disappeared .
Davis 35 will be released on licence after serving six months in jail .
Cass High School head basketball coach Greg Scott 51 lost his short battle with leukemia Wednesday .
Family were initially told Scott's blood cancer was treatable but the disease proved to be fastmoving .
The teacher and coach is survived by his wife two children and a young grandchild .
FAA backtracks on saying crew reported a pressurization problem .
One passenger lost consciousness .
The plane descended 28000 feet in three minutes .
Juventus want PSG's Edinson Cavani according to Corriere dello Sport .
The Italian newspaper claim that Cavani would partner Carlos Tevez .
Manchester United are also interested in the Uruguayan striker .
Cavani's agent has talked up a move to England or Spain this summer .
READ: Manchester United consider Cavani transfer .
Jason Lee 38 was arrested in August 2013 after a woman accused him of attacking her at the home he and his wife rented in East Hampton .
Lee invited the woman her brother and friends back to the house after they met at trendy restaurant .
He allegedly forced his way into the bathroom while the girl was inside then undressed and pinned her to the floor .
He was found by police allegedly hiding in a car with tinted windows in his driveway .
Lee walked hand in hand into court with his wife for trial on Wednesday .
Wouldbe immigrants come from more than 20 countries to North Africa to cross Mediterranean to Europe .
They risk their lives crossing deserts and mountains many are robbed or cheated as they try to reach the Libyan coast .
Ten years on Glitter's victim tells how shamed star's abuse ruined her life .
Had sex with her three times when she was just 11 and a virgin .
He paid £9 each time .
Fiend faced death penalty for child rape but paid victims' families to get off .
Given just threeyear jail term for the lesser charge of child abuse .
Victim bravely spoke exclusively to MailOnline to tell of her heartache .
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday .
This fixture has produced most hattricks in Premier League history .
Five trebles have been netted during Liverpool against Arsenal matches .
Robbie Fowler (twice) Thierry Henry Peter Crouch and Andrey Arshavin have all scored three or more times in a single fixture .
Crown Princess Mary was in Aabenraa in southern Denmark on Thursday .
Event marked the 75th anniversary of the invasion by Germany in 1940 .
Tasmanianborn royal wore chic black ensemble with grey accessories .
Busy week for royals with birthday celebrations for Queen Margarethe II .
Jonah Willow played Russian Alexander Cherniaev at a chess congress .
Homeschooled 12yearold drew the grandmaster in their twohour game .
Youngster began playing chess aged five and has represented England .
British Transport Police are clamping down on 'casual thuggery' on trains .
This season alone there has been 630 footballrelated incidents recorded .
Chief Constable Paul Crowther said crimes may be 'underreported'
A summit has been organised to determine the scale of the problem .
Manchester City are willing to listen to offers for Yaya Toure this summer .
The Premier League champions are looking to reshape their squad .
Toure is determined not to be forced out of the door despite tough year .
His £220000aweek deal will cause stumbling block to potential move .
Inter Milan are keen on signing him but there are doubts over their bid .
City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of Alvaro Negredo deal .
Oxford scored for under 21 side in 32 loss to Man United on Tuesday .
The goal will push 16yearold's claim for a firstteam debut .
Centreback has trained with West Ham first team this season .
CLICK HERE for the latest West Ham United news .
Hotelier Danny Lambo said he wanted to buy Natasha Flynn an extravagant Easter present .
The bespoke gift costs £10000 to buy and costs £1000 every time it's filled with melted milk chocolate .
The 37yearold is renowned for his love of Lamborghinis and his luxurious lifestyle .
Bezos who is worth $34.7billion wandered in the Campo de' Fiori in Rome with family and a security guard on Tuesday .
The Amazon CEO was seen snapping pictures with his Amazon phone of the market stalls .
New approach targets cancer stem cells that evade conventional treatment .
The cells cause tumours to regrow causing secondary breast cancer .
Treatment combines Sulforadex with standard hormonal treatments .
Bilal Skaf has reportedly been attacked by inmates in Goulburn prison yard .
The gang rape leader was assaulted by three other inmates on Friday .
He was treated in hospital for head injuries and returned to prison .
Bilal Skaf was sentenced a maximum 55 years in prison in 2002 for gang raping young girls in Sydney's southwest when he was just 18 .
He is not eligible for parole until 2033 and shares a cell with his brother Mohammed .
Pedro Abad was driving with two fellow Linden New Jersey police officers and a friend on March 20 when he crashed headon with a tractortrailer .
Toxicology tests revealed Monday show Abad had a .24 bloodalcohol content  three times the legal limit .
Abad and Officer Patrik Kudlac were criticallyinjured in thecrash while Officer Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez were killed .
Jacques Burger was cited for striking Racing Metro's Maxime Machenaud .
Saracens defeated Racing with the last kick of the game in the quarterfinal .
Mark McCall's side face Leicester Tigers on Saturday .
Burger received a oneweek ban for his strike on Machenaud .
The openside will miss the Tigers game but will be free to play Clermont .
The little Greek island of Skopelos is known as the setting for Mamma Mia .
With no airport on the island most visitors arrive by ferry from Skiathos .
With small coves galore Skopelos is an ideal location for a week's sailing .
Snowden claimed Britain was spying on Argentina between 2006 and 2011 .
Revelations come after Britain's discovery of oil in the Falklands last week .
Britain already pledged £180m to stave off 'any future and possible threats'
Argentina say Britain should spend more helping its own poor instead .
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was in Andaman Sea on way from resort of Krabi .
Was five miles from the coast travelling to Phuket when engine exploded .
35metrelong boat caught fire around 3.30pm before sinking around 6pm .
Passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued .
No injuries reported but search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl .
'Extremely rich' German woman's taxi was stuck in traffic as thieves struck .
They smashed rear window of vehicle before running away with handbag .
The victim says one of the stolen rings was worth close to £1million alone .
Claimed she was on her way to loan some of the items to museum in Paris .
Brock Guzman was found safe two miles from his Californian home .
Police said a thief likely stole the car after the boy's father left it running .
The car was found less than four hours later after a resident spotted it .
Police have not yet released a description of the suspect who stole the car .
Brock was unharmed and appeared to have slept through the entire ordeal .
Jordan Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons .
Dougie Freeedman tried to sign the striker in March but was turned down .
Rhodes and partner Rudy Gestede also attracting Premier League attention .
Fernando Torres hailed Steven Gerrard as the best he ever played with .
The 31yearold struck up a friendship with Gerrard while at Liverpool .
Torres has never quite rekindled his top form since leaving Anfield .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
On Saturday Rosetta was just 8.6 miles (14 km) of the comet’s surface .
Images reveal one of most detailed photos of the comet's bump 'neck'
Esa recently released a trove of images captured from Rosetta's journey .
Rosetta will make passes through comet geysers in the coming months .
The couple are in their 50s and from Cleveland Ohio .
Ship with 1500 passengers aboard left Tampa Florida for a twoweek Caribbean cruise on Sunday .
The bodies were discovered Thursday when crew members checked on the couple in their stateroom .
Leader said she understands concerns about SNP being part of coalition .
Miss Sturgeon also suggested PM had been 'not unhelpful' to her party .
Polls indicate SNP is on the brink of a historic landside victory in election .
Rangers lost first game under new boss Stuart McCall on Thursday .
Slumped to disappointing 30 defeat at hands of Queen of the South .
Had recorded recent victories over Hearts and Hibernian .
David Alderson 72 was found dead in a Cornish copper mine last January .
Police thought he had died in a cycling accident but Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern and now accused of murdering him .
Court hears they lured victim to mine by offering to sell him illegal guns .
Defendants 'beat pensioner around head and left him face down in pond'
Liam Stewart had been named in the 23man squad ahead of tournament .
The son of Rod Stewart has been replaced after  suffering shoulder injury .
The Spokane chiefs forward was in line to make his debut for GB .
Ice Hockey World Championship takes place in Holland next week .
Images of cricket both on the pitch and in a rubbish dump in Dhaka Bangladesh among shortlisted pictures .
Winner of WisdenMCC Cricket Photograph of the Year was Matthew Lewis' shot of Dwayne Bravo taking a catch .
Australian comedy trio SketchShe went viral with their car videos .
The models mime along to music in their car .
The videos have amassed 260 million views across social media .
ShaeLee Shackleford Lana Kington Madison Lloyd performed on Ellen .
Also made appearance on Good Morning America .
Henri Morris 67 was the president of Edible Software Solutions .
Jailed for 10 years for 'calculated' and 'choreographed' abuse .
Caught in an FBI sting after one of his victims approached investigators .
England fans sang antiIRA songs during Tuesday's draw with Italy .
FA tried to stamp out chants after 'F*** the IRA' was sung against Scotland .
Roy Hodgson's side take on the Republic of Ireland in Dublin in June .
Leonie Granger 25 has been jailed for 16 years for luring gambler to death .
Convinced  Mehmet Hassan 56 she was interested in him at Mayfair casino .
Went to his flat  and let in boyfriend Kyrron Jackson and Nicholas Chandler .
They kicked Mr Hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings .
Granger  convicted of manslaughter and two men found guilty of murder .
Judge William Kennedy today described the attack as 'pitiless and wicked'
SpaceX made its third attempt to land a booster on an ocean platform .
But the booster tipped over after hitting its target and was destroyed .
Falcon 9 is on its way to the ISS with supplies and will arrive Friday .
Cargo includes first espresso machine designed for use in space .
LZ: Barney Frank may say LGBT rights 'winning' but Indiana law pushing them back and other states' antiLGBT moves a bad sign .
Cruz Huckabee Jindal Carson Walker and some state judges rulings feel like 2016 reviving culture wars he says .
The British No 1 was edged out in a keenly fought contest  which lasted twoandahalf hours .
Vekic won 63 46 75 to eliminate the 16th seed .
She will play either Madison Brengle or Edina GallovitsHall .
Alexander Bradley a key witness in the Aaron Hernandez murder trial told the jury on Wednesday the football star had access to the murder weapon .
Bradley claimed he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol in a Miami hotel .
Bradley who says he was Hernandez's former drug dealer and then best friend was not allowed to testify that Hernandez shot him in the eye .
Prosecutors had contended the February shooting is relevant to the Lloyd murder since it shows that Hernandez had no trouble shooting his friends .
Bradley is currently suing Hernandez for shooting him .
During one sidebar Bradley stared directly at Hernandez who refused to make eye contact .
The prosecution in the case is expected to rest tomorrow .
Meanwhile Hernandez’s lawyer James Sultan has implied he only plans on calling one witness when they begin their case on Monday .
CNN's Nima Elbagir describes the boat journey from Djbouti to Aden .
Vessel returned with 60 refugees desperate to flee fighting in Yemen .
Official groundbreaking for the 630ft New York Wheel will take place this week on Staten Island .
Construction started last week on the Dubai Eye which will be just 60ft higher .
New York Wheel will have mobile bar cars a 20seat restaurant and a 4D ride on the ground .
Adhere to beach rules and stay out of sharkinfested waters .
However not wearing jewellery in the water might not be considered .
Tragic death of 13yearold surfer Elio Canestri sees the threat of sharks once again in the spotlight .
Shark attacks continue to rise over the course of the century .
Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour .
Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates sesame seeds and chocolate .
Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients .
The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects .
Baby boy Malakai suffers rare medical condition Pallister Killian Syndrome .
Malakai cannot see cannot hear struggles to breath and may never walk .
Stacy Maitai gave up everything to take care of her sevenmonthold son .
Motheroftwo has been forced to survive on $90 a week from Centrelink .
Cannot receive further financial assistance as she is not Australian citizen .
The single mother moved from New Zealand to Perth about four years ago .
A fundraising page has been set up to help the struggling family .
Rachel Chapman nee Friedman was left paralyzed after being playfully pushed into a pool on her bachelorette party on May 23 2010 .
She tells DailyMail.com her first question was 'can I still have children?'
Five years later Rachelle and husband Chris are days from being parents .
Their college friend Laurel Humes offered to be their surrogate .
The baby a girl is due on April 18 .
Click here for more information about Rachelle on her website .
Marshall Henderson has had his revenge on the TV reporter after 2 years .
Ole Miss star was suspended for failing a drug test in 2013 .
In response to that revelation two years ago Andrews said: 'He mocking anyone now?'
Following Jarret Stoll's arrest last week Henderson tweeted Andrews saying: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend?'
Heads and loose limbs are piled up on the shelves in the doll hospital known as Ospedale delle Bambole in Rome .
Shop was built by the Squatriti family sixty years ago restoring items such as ceramic tortoiseshell and mosaics .
Descendants Federico Squatriti 52 and his 82yearold mother Gelsomina have carried on the family tradition .
Caroline Wozniacki played tennis with US President Barack Obama as part of the #gimmegive campaign at the annual Easter Egg Roll .
The campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among American people involved several celebrities .
The event was broadcast on the popular American talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael .
Heist occurred March 1 in Wilson County North Carolina .
Armored truck traveling from Miami to Boston was robbed by three men .
275 pounds of gold worth nearly $5 million stolen .
A 26pound gold bar worth $500000 now recovered in South Florida .
Police previously suspected it was an inside job .
The guards had pulled over because one felt sick .
Goods transported with company TransValue insured up to $100 million .
Almost 1000 personnel required psychiatric treatment after taking drug .
They were prescribed antimalarial drug Lariam by the Ministry of Defence .
The product's side effects include psychosis and hallucinations .
Retired Major General Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit .
He was prescribed the drug prior to a deployment in Sierra Leone .
Former QPR manager says Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool .
Sterling has turned down a new £100000aweek contract at the club .
Steve McManaman brands Sterling interview 'ridiculous' and 'baffling'
Chris Smalling agrees new longterm Manchester United contract .
The deal is believed to worth around £80000 a week .
25yearold has become a regular starter under Louis van Gaal .
Van Gaal reveals he's 'delighted' that Smalling has penned a new deal .
Cryos International is moving from New York to lab complex in Orlando .
Located near University of Central Florida one of the largest U.S. colleges .
Spokesman said move would help tap into 'abundant donor opportunities'
UCF has undergraduate intake of 52000 a year 23000 of whom are male .
Kathy Bush was arrested on April 15 1996 on suspicion of purposefully making her 9yearold daughter Jennifer ill for attention .
The mother of three was sentenced to five years in jail and her daughter placed in foster care for the rest of her adolescence .
On Wednesday the 19year anniversary of Bush's arrest  her daughter spoke out to say they are now closer than ever .
Jennifer Bush said in a statement that she believes her mother never abused her .
Manuel Pellegrini believes his youth players are not ready for the firstteam .
His homegrown quote will be depleted when Frank Lamapard leaves .
Pellegrini may lose James Milner forcing him to invest in home talent .
Mary Harvin Transformation Center was to house 60 seniorcitizen apartments community center .
It burned down during Baltimore riots .
Young adult novels regularly feature teen heroines  saving the world .
Books like The Hunger Games and Divergent show unrealistic portrayals .
Adolescents have used hashtag to voice frustrations about real teenage life .
Jack Grealish was excellent in FA Cup semi final victory .
Tim Sherwood praises his young star who outshone Liverpool midfield .
Grealish was wearing children's shinpads during the Wembley fixture .
RSPCA South Australia published photos of the poor living conditions .
The cat owner who was prosecuted for animal cruelty lives in Adelaide .
The pet owner has been fined $500 but his identity is yet to be revealed .
He pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for the cats at the property .
The court granted him the return of two of his cats but the third remains in the RSPCA's care .
Lewis Hamilton over halfasecond clear of teammate Nico Rosberg .
Sebastian Vettel was a further second adrift of the Mercedes pair .
Jenson Button was 13th and Fernando Alonso 17th for McLaren .
It took jurors just an hour to convict Susan Monica on the murder charges on Tuesday .
On Monday Monica's former cellmate testified in court and said she sent her a letter signed  from 'the sweetest murderer in Jackson County'
Prosecutors said Monica murdered two handymen who worked on her farm between 2012 and 2013 .
Monica said she killed the first man Stephen Delicino out of self defense when he attacked her .
She says she later found Robert Haney being eaten by her pigs and shot him out of mercy .
However she never reported either of their deaths to police .
The  remains were found buried on her farm with signs that they had been fed on by animals  most likely her pigs .
Dustin Irons was appearing in court via videolink on a large TV screen .
Indecently exposed himself when he was unhappy with court proceedings .
Unamused judge added 30 days to his sentence for the lewd gesture .
Gold Coast training queen Ashy Bines has apologised to her 'very upset followers' after error .
In an email on Saturday she mistakenly wrote that a new exclusive program cost $US49500 per year .
The real cost of the program was actually a tenth of that or $US4950.00 according to Ms Bines .
The exclusive yearlong program has now sold out a spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia .
Researchers in Jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue .
Suggest pregnancy could restore mother's muscles' ability to regenerate .
Claim mice 'got youth serum injection' from babies they were carrying .
Chelsea Bruck last seen on October 26 in Frenchtown Township Michigan .
22yearold's body found Friday and identity confirmed with dental records .
Remains discovered close to train tracks near woods on private property .
Costume found about ten miles away at an industrial site near Flat Rock .
Cause of death has not been determined but evidence indicates homicide .
Hagrid the Suffolk Cross was born weighing 25lbs and is 14inches tall .
The animal towers over peers on farm in Gelston in Grantham .
His owners believe he may be the largest lamb ever born in the UK .
Kumar Sangakkara retired from oneday cricket after the World Cup .
Sri Lanka were defeated in the quarter finals by South Africa .
Sports minister Navin Dissanayake has asked the Test captain to play on for another year .
The Health Secretary said the Mail's campaign exposed abuse of funds .
Promised a future Conservative Government would stop abuse as priority .
Labour health spokesman Andy Burnham vowed to investigate findings .
Other senior politicians said NHS trusts should be 'hauled' before MPs .
Drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts .
Flakka can be injected snorted smoked or swallowed .
It causes  euphoria hallucinations psychosis and superhuman strength .
High lasts for couple hours and users have strong desire to reuse .
More than 670 Flakka occurrences in Florida in 2014 up from 85 in 2012 .
Performance was at Confederation of African Football's event in Cairo .
Dancer Dina Talaat said she does not know what all the fuss is about .
Pakistani women's rights activist Sabeen Mahmud gunned down in her car .
Friends and family claim her brutal killing was a 'targeted assassination'
She was shot by two men on a motorcycle while idling at a traffic light .
David Bianculli: Correspondents' dinner and Cecily Strong as host were mostly weak but Obama had some funny zingers .
He says "anger translator" bit was funny but crowd was tough on Strong as event went on and on .
Lionel Messi posted a picture of his son and wife on Instagram .
Message read: ‘Waiting for you baby. We love you.’
Messi's first son Thiago was born in November 2012 .
Inverness upset Celtic 32 in the Scottish Cup semifinal on Sunday .
Caley defender David Raven scored the winning goal in extra time .
The 30yearold has hailed his wining strike as a 'dream come true'
Jonny Howson scored against his old club but refused to celebrate .
Graham Dorrans missed a first half penalty when it smashed the crossbar but made up for it by sealing the tie late on at Elland Road .
Norwich are closing in on automatic promotion to the Premier League .
Leeds have lost four out of their last five games in the Championship .
Roy Day 29 and Gerald Lundie 26 stole £160000 worth of Luxury cars .
The pair hit 13 properties in four counties while their owners slept at home .
Finally caught after a highspeed chase when DNA found in a crashed car .
Each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court .
PSG striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic will miss his side's next four league games .
Ibrahimovic will be allowed to play in Saturday's League Cup final .
The Sweden international blasted Lionel Jaffredo after Bordeaux match .
John Carver had a training ground bustup with Jonas Gutierrez .
The Newcastle boss dropped the defender in the aftermath of incident .
Now Carver says the pair have shaken hands like men and moved on .
Gutierrez will be in Newcastle's squad to face Swansea on Saturday .
University of Sheffield study found six different type of obese person .
Heavy drinking males young healthy females affluent elderly physically sick  elderly unhappy middleaged and those with the poorest health .
Hope their findings will help doctors create tailormade treatments .
heavy drinking males .
young healthy females .
the affluent and healthy elderly .
the physically sick but happy elderly .
the unhappy and anxious middleaged .
those with the poorest health .
Dickerson was announced as replacement during show on Sunday .
Journalist is the Chief Political Correspondent for Slate magazine .
Revealed he is 'honored and excited' by the new job .
His veteran CBS colleague announced he was stepping down last week .
Texas native Schieffer has been host of the show since 1991 .
The sister of murdered hairdresser said her sibling visited several women's shelters every day but was refused a room .
Leila Alavi was found in dead in a car at a Sydney shopping centre carpark .
She was working when she reportedly received a phone call and left .
A colleague found the 26yearold stabbed to death on Saturday morning .
Court papers allege she was killed with a pair of scissors .
Her estranged husband was charged with murder and refused bail .
One of the earliest Televisors is expected to fetch up to £22k at auction .
Forerunner of the television was manufactured in 1928 and cost around £26 .
Television had tiny poor quality picture  little bigger than a postage stamp .
Roman general suffered from vertigo dizziness and weakness in limbs .
Historians have long believed this was caused by late onset of epilepsy .
Epilepsy was often referred to as the 'sacred disease' in ancient Rome .
New look at symptoms reveal they have more in common with strokes .
Asma Fahmi and her family had hard boiled Easter eggs pelted at them .
They had just been to see a theatre performance in Haymarket Sydney .
3 British men hurled racial abuse  from a balcony as they walked to the car .
This is the second time Asma has been racially attacked in three years .
Her mother suffers from Bells Palsy and finds it hard to leave the house .
Radical claim made by Dr Milton Wainwright from Sheffield University .
He used balloons to collect dust samples 25 miles (40km) above Earth .
Claims to have discovered 'alien organisms' that test positive for DNA .
His research has been widely criticised by the scientific community .
Perth Glory will be excluded from the  finals after breaching the salary cap .
Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by  $400000 this season alone .
Glory were fined $269000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table .
FFA chief executive said he expects Perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess .
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to La Liga giants Barcelona .
However Gomez insists he would reject a transfer to the Nou Camp .
The striker joined Fiorentina in 2013 for a fee believed to be over £17m .
An archive of royal letters and books unseen for 200 years is to be digitised .
The Queen launched project at Windsor Castle's Royal Library .
Included are letters shedding light on the American War of Independence .
Also a 200yearold poetry book written by the Shah of Persia in 1812 .
Queen joked that 'You don't get gifts like that any more!'
Also includes an essay by George III and letters from Queen Charlotte .
Unite accused of employing workers on contracts 'effectively zero hours'
Union which has given millions to Labour lost a key employment tribunal .
Lecturer Martyn Reuby says he was sacked after complaining about issue .
Comes after Labour was accused of hypocrisy over zerohours contracts .
Johnny Sexton has featured in 11 Euro knockout games and won the lot .
Racing Metro's No 10 wants to finish twoyear stint in Paris with a medal .
The French side face Saracens in last eight of European Champions Cup .
Angel di Maria and Marcos Rojo dine out together in Manchester .
Manchester City stars Martin Demichelis and Pablo Zabaleta also attend .
United's Spanish goalkeeper Victor Valdes joined the Argentine contingent .
Premier League stars enjoyed meal at Italian restaurant San Carlo .
Dustin Johnson can prove himself at this year's tournament .
Henrik Stenson has been ill but has the quality to impress .
Phil Mickelson at 251 is a good eachway bet for the title .
Sir Bruce said it can be 'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die .
Said he would like the right to be able to chose the timing of his own death .
He cared for first wife Penny Calvert after she was moved into care in 2008 .
Ms Calvert whom he divorced in 1973 died in 2014 after battling dementia .
Mark Lippert was attacked in early March by a knifewielding proNorth Korean activist .
Needed 80 stitches and may have suffered nerve damage as a result .
Scans have revealed All Blacks flyhalf Aaron Cruden needs knee surgery .
The 26yearold injured his knee during clash with Canterbury Crusaders .
Surgery is likely to rule him out of a minimum of six months of action .
That means All Blacks ace Cruden will miss this summer's World Cup .
Two Russian companies have started offering unusual service this year .
One message can cost as little as $6 or £4 so it is a cost effective method .
American fastfood chain posted an 'advert' to its Russian page this month .
But critics have pointed out it is unlikely to have mass market appeal .
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 .
The increase is driven largely by women's drinking habits .
It's now more acceptable for women to drink the way men traditionally have says one expert .
Analyst claims Snowden under orders not to speak out against Russia .
He accused whistleblower of not being 'transparent' and being 'secretive'
Snowden fled to Russia via Hong Kong after leaking classified documents .
Australian Warren Rodwell was held hostage for 472 days and feared his Abu Sayyaf captors would behead him .
He was freed in March 2013 after his family successfully managed to raise a ransom .
Now he fears he will not receive Victims of Terrorism Overseas compensation .
Unless Prime Minister Tony Abbott decides otherwise his kidnapping is not listed as a 'declared terrorist event'
ASIO has officially declared Abu Sayyaf as a terrorist organisation .
Darcy Atkinson aged two died of brain injuries in December 2012 .
He vomited 3 times and went rigid in bath under care of mother's boyfriend .
He had bruising on his ears temple and limbs and traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died .
A doctor told an inquest into his death he had been 'caned or whipped'
He said Darcy has serious bruising around his ears which looked infected .
His mother said she received a photo and text from her boyfriend the day before he died saying he had bumped his head while paddle boarding .
She then denied receiving the photo which investigators  never found .
James Weld had to stump up £15000 to restore steps to the beach  at Durdle Door which were washed away in 2012 .
Decision ends a threeyear standoff with Natural England over who was responsible for access to tourist attraction .
In 2009 Natural England was handed responsibility for the country's coastal paths under the Coastal Access Act .
But the government body claimed steps weren't part of coastal route and refused to pay for repairs for three years .
Ben Thurlow attacked paramedic Rebecca Hudson while in an ambulance .
The drunk 23yearold was being treated after receiving a head injury .
He shoved the emergency worker twice forcing crew to call the police .
He was spared jail after admitting assault at Beverley Magistrates Court .
Kevin Pietersen has returned to domestic cricket with Surrey .
Axed England batsman will make his debut against Oxford University .
KP has backed Michael Vaughan to lead overhaul England Cricket .
John Tuite 22 and Carlos Santolalla 25 share an Instagram account that their old agencies pressured them to delete .
The couple claims that the world of male modeling isn't as gayfriendly as most people believe .
The indemand duo also DJs at hot New York City clubs and rubs shoulders with celebrities .
West Brom lost 32 to QPR earlier in the season having led the game 20 .
Hoops midfielder Joey Barton accused the Baggies of losing their cool in a result that would contribute to former manager Alan Irvine's sacking .
New boss Tony Pulis has admitted that Barton 'probably had a point'
The two teams meet in the Premier League on Saturday at The Hawthorns .
Pulis has steadied the ship at West Brom since taking over in January and the club looks unlikely to be relegated this term .
What's it like to become a new parent in your seventies?
Donald Trelford became a father for the sixth time aged 76 .
He shares the pain and pleasure of raising two toddlers in the twilight years .
Reading face Arsenal at Wembley on Saturday in FA Cup semifinal .
Aston Villa and Liverpool clash in second semifinal on Sunday .
Chelsea and Manchester United clash in Premier League on Saturday night .
Jimmy Anderson becomes England's leading Test match wickettaker .
Anderson surpasses Sir Ian Botham will 384th Test dismissal .
32yearold shuns the limelight  so unlike the angry youth we so often see on the field .
Botham was always larger than life and in your face .
Both are stubborn and don't like to be told to do it any other way .
ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry suspended for one week from network .
She berated an Advanced Towing employee after her car was towed from a Chinese restaurant in Arlington Virginia on April 6 .
Insulted the woman's looks education and job .
'Lose some weight baby girl' McHenry said as she walked away .
McHenry apologized Thursday after security footage surface online .
Said it was 'an intense and stressful' situation .
45yearold released tenminute YouTube film showing him in Lake District .
It follows the presenter as he drinks pints and learns how to herd sheep .
Comes after cohost James May released series of films about jobless life .
Clarkson also described yesterday how bored he was with unemployed life .
Didier Drogba insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season .
The striker returned to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012 .
After signing a 12month deal with the Blues Drogba is yet to be offered a new contract at Stamford Bridge .
CLICK HERE for the latest Chelsea news .
Police found 20 grams of marijuana buried within a leg of lamb .
Northern Territory Police made find after officers smelled something suspicious .
The stash is believed to be worth $2000  $100 per gram  because it was to be sold in remote communities in the Australian Outback .
Police said they will continue to crack down on sale of illegal drugs .
Raheem Sterling at the centre of a second drugs controversy .
Liverpool forward videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide .
Follows pictures on Sunday of the 20yearold puffing on a shisha pipe .
READ: Arsenal have doubts over signing Sterling after latest controversies .
READ: Sterling pictured AGAIN with shisha pipe... this time with Jordan Ibe .
Bath face London Irish at the Rec in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night .
Sam Burgess is set to play his second game at blindside flanker .
Bath coach Mike Ford reckons Burgess is more suited to the forwards .
Jamie Peacock scored two tries for Leeds in their win over Salford .
The victory is the Super League leaders' 20th in a row over the Red Devils .
The Rhinos have now won their last five matches on the bounce .
Creatures attracted by the higher sea temperatures .
Dozens of sightings reported by fisherman off Devon and Cornwall .
Jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb .
Juventus reached semifinals of the Champions League by beating Monaco .
They could face Bayern Munich Barcelona or Real Madrid next month .
But the Italian giants will not fear anyone and could cause an upset .
Juve have endured 12 years of struggles since reaching final in 2003 .
But they now boast stars such as Paul Pogba and Carlos Tevez .
Gianluigi Buffon and Arturo Vidal both say they can go on in competition .
Mother must complete "treatment" before she can be extradited Maryland police say .
Mom told police son was with her in Maryland but he was found Friday alone in woods .
Victim being treated for malnutrition dehydration mother faces host of charges after extradition .
Lucy and Lydia star in beauty campaign for  fake tan brand Sunkissed .
Both say it was 'really lovely' to work together on the shoot .
Lucy says she loves the waist she works hard to achieve .
Admits she is jealous of her teen sister's long legs .
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem Oregon has accused Facebook of discrimination after her account was suspended .
The Native American woman has been forced to use a different surname in order to regain access to her list of over 1000 online friends .
'Other people can use their nicknames inappropriate names but I can't use my real name' she said .
Happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook's discriminatory policies .
Tories pledged to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3m social tenants .
Housing associations respond furiously amid threat of a legal challenge .
But 80 housing association bosses earn more than David Cameron’s salary .
Brock Guzman 8 was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside Monday morning .
He was found shortly after a few miles away in Fairfield California .
His parents Paul and Suzanne are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported the incident .
Suzanne was handcuffed and thrown to the ground by officers something Paul claims he captured in a video .
Cops say this happened because they say what they thought was blood inside the house and Suzanne refused to let them in .
The family says they wanted to protect police from their dog who they thought would attack the officers .
Lifelong Blackpool fan Frank Knight forced to pay £20000 in damages .
The pensioner made allegations about the Oyston Family .
Club is owned by Owen Oyston while son Karl is Blackpool chairman .
Knight ordered to make a public apology following Facebook comments .
The football family has rallied round the Blackpool pensioner .
Lightning flash spotted in the ash cloud of the Colima Volcano which is 301 miles west of Mexico City .
Strikes caused by high levels of electric charge building up as ash particles  rub together .
Bolts can heat surrounding air to 3000°C and melt ash in the cloud into glassy spheres scientists discovered .
Graeme McDowell will play 'aggressive' golf to end his poor Masters record .
The 35yearold has only made the cut twice in seven attempts at Augusta .
McDowell has just recovered from an ankle injury ahead of the Masters .
CLICK HERE for all the latest golf news .
Aldi under fire from corporate regulator for not disclosing credit card fees .
Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against the supermarket last year after it failed to notify customers of surcharge .
Supermarket agreed to putting up signs and have cashiers notify shoppers .
Wojciech Szczesny to play in goal during Arsenal's FA Cup semifinal .
The Poland international lost the No 1 spot to new signing David Ospina .
Szczesny could leave the club if another keeper is bought by Wenger .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Army Major John Jackson and his wife Carolyn are facing 15 counts of child abuse .
The couple's first trial ended in a mistrial last November when a prosecutor accidentally mentioned the death of one of their son's .
That detail was barred from the trial since the couple had not been officially charged in the boy's death .
On Monday the Jacksons appeared in New Jersey federal court for their second trial .
Prosecutors said the couple starved their three foster children and beat them so several that they had broken bones all over their bodies .
The couple's defense attorneys claim that they may have been 'crappy parents' but are not criminals .
Ryan Giroux denies killing a man during shootings in Phoenix in March .
Rampage through suburbs let to huge police manhunt for the shooter .
Exconvict and 'skinhead' Giroux is a member of white supremacy group .
Stephen Docherty admitted he lost control when he attacked a concreter .
He took a large hook and tore another man's scrotum open .
The victim just finished a concrete job on Mr Docherty's home .
Mr Docherty said the job was not done to his specifications .
Steve Bruce admits Hull need to pull off 'crazy results' to avoid the drop .
The Tigers still have to play Liverpool Arsenal and Manchester United .
Hull are just two points away from the bottom three of the Premier League .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Hull news .
Tyler Kost now 19 from outside Phoenix was arrested last May for alleged sexual crimes against 13 girls between the ages of 13 and 17 .
Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse .
The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation .
Three accusers and witnesses referred to the movie 'John Tucker Must Die' where exgirlfriends take revenge on a former boyfriend .
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud 23 is charged with supporting terrorism and making false statements by federal prosecutors .
Classmates expressed shock remembering him as a normal and likable high school student who was not deeply religious .
Mohamud 23 a naturalized American had been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism .
Former first daughter is now vice chair of the Bill Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation .
She was responding to claims that her organization took millions from foreign governments that had pending policy concerns under her mother's control as secretary of state .
Republican Party says allegations in new book 'raise serious questions about Hillary Clinton's judgment and her handling of conflicts of interest'
'We'll be even more transparent' Chelsea pledged saying that 'we won't take new government funding but that the work will continue as it is'
Sudan is one of a handful of northern white rhinos left worldwide .
As the only male the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with two females at a conservancy .
Experts are trying various ways including in vitro fertilization .
Javier Hernandez scored twice to make it six goals in eight games for Real .
Carlo Ancelotti says striker's form makes him 'nonnegotiable' at present .
Hernandez is enjoying his football at present despite uncertain future .
Real Madrid's win moved them back to within two points of  Barcelona .
READ: Celta Vigo 24 Real Madrid: Javier Hernandez scores twice as Real come from behind to keep La Liga title battle with Barcelona alive .
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 10 in the Championship on Tuesday .
Wednesday equalled  club record of 17 clean sheets in a season with win .
Tom Lees and Kieren Westwood in mix for club's Player of the Year award .
Wayne Rooney is set to appear on Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway .
The England captain jokes around in interview with Little Ant and Dec .
Manchester United forward admits that public attention can get annoying .
The programme and interview will be aired on Saturday night from 7pm .
Brazilian Neymar took to Instagram to show off his skills to his followers .
Quickfooted Barcelona attacker impressed for the filming camera .
Neymar will be hoping to show off that trickery away against Sevilla .
Barcelona currently sit four points clear of rivals Real Madrid at the top .
Doug Hughes appeared in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn .
He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace before being released on his own recognizance .
He was sent back to his Tampa home where he must check in weekly with authorities starting next week .
Johnson Wagner loses out to JB Holmes after second playoff hole .
Jordan Spieth had crashed out on first hole after all three finish 16 under .
Englishman Paul Casey is bestplaced Brit finishing four shots back .
For the best bargain head to Eastern Europe specifically Sofia Bulgaria .
In New York City the cost of a fourstar hotel and room service is £276.61 .
Meanwhile the most expensive inroom club sandwich tallies £21.73 .
Spurs have won only two of their 10 Premier League lunchtime clashes .
Mauricio Pochettino believes playing in Europa League could be a factor .
Spurs face Pochettino's old club Southampton in Saturday's early game .
CLICK HERE for the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
Jessica Cleland committed suicide last year after being cyber bullied .
She was sent horrible messages from two friends who said they hated her .
The teenagers were named in the coroners report but weren't investigated .
Her parents want to see cyber bullying legislation be taken seriously .
Under Victorian legislation cyber bullying can result in ten years jail .
Simona Trasca 34 made a joke about cheap boob job on Romanian TV .
The joke implied that her plastic surgeon must be avoiding tax .
Surgeon Dr Marek Valcu successfully sued Ms Trasca for £1500 .
Man was allegedly bent over couch and sodomized during gruesome initiation ritual at Waxahachie Texas volunteer fire department .
The five firefighters apparently 'yelled with excitement' during the January 20 incident and switched from broom to sausage .
Fire chiefs thought to have told victim not to tell about sexual assault .
Assistant fire chief said to have chuckled said 'This is funny s***'
Alleged victim vomited in the bathroom and his wouldbe colleagues stole his clothes .
Emma Forbes 49 bought fourstorey London mansion with husband .
It has five kingsize bedrooms five bathrooms and an underground pool .
But one neighbour describes it as looking like a 'downmarket mortuary'
Comes after Miss Forbes made handsome profit on sale of Chelsea flat .
Novelist who died last year had huge success with Adrian Mole books .
The eightbook series sold more than eight million copies worldwide .
She left the bulk of her estate to her second husband Colin Broadway .
Breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests .
Tests pinpoint genetic 'markers' in tumour and determine aggressiveness .
They are available privately for £2500 and may be rolled out soon on NHS .
Women told within days whether they have a high  risk of disease returning .
Paul Smith will take on Andre Ward on June 20 in California .
Ward's WBA supermiddleweight title will not be on the line .
Smith is coming off backtoback world title defeats by Arthur Abraham .
Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriquez in November 2013 .
Elena Udrea 41 is accused of abusing her position in government .
Udrea was a member of the Romanian government for four years until 2012 .
Prosecutors claim she accepted bribes worth an estimated £1.3 million .
The former presidential candidate strongly denies all of the allegations .
Google is being put under pressure to turn off Waze following fears it might put officers' lives at risk .
Waze helps drivers avoid congestion accidents and traffic cameras .
App owned by Google also warns drivers when police are nearby .
Father wanted an Aussie to record a message from tooth fairy to his son .
Jacob Hall from Iowa in the U.S. made a call for help on website Reddit .
Victoria's Jeff Pyrotek made a 20second message as 'Bruce' the tooth fairy .
Mr Pyrotek who is a fatherofthree said he wanted to make the boy's day .
So far Mr Hall's message has attracted more than 100 comments on Reddit .
Mr Hall said his son Evan believed the tooth fairy was from Australia .
He explained last time Evan 7 lost a tooth the fictional creature was late .
So Mr Hall told him this happened because the fairy was from Down Under .
Former England captain Michael Vaughan is favourite to replace Paul Downton as director of England cricket .
Kevin Pietersen has backed his former teammate to take the role .
Surrey chief Alec Stewart would also be open to talks with the ECB .
Two survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking police say .
European officials propose a 10point plan meant to address the crisis .
A survivor tells authorities that migrants were trapped behind locked doors .
Winemakers accused of trying to hide calorie count from consumers .
Proposed EU regulations would force makers to put calories on bottle .
Producers say calorie counts on label would increase production costs .
Frank Ernest Shepherd III of Houston Texas was shot dead by police after leading them on a 20 minute highspeed chase .
The chase ended when Shepherd crashed into another car .
He then got out of the vehicle and reached into the backseat and was shot moments later .
No weapons were found in the car and it is not known what Shepherd was reaching for .
Shepherd was a father of three with another baby on the way .
Police are investigating why he fled during a traffic stop .
Shay Given to start against Liverpool in FA Cup a day before he turns 39 .
Tim Sherwood confirmed the news as he prepares for Sunday's semifinal .
Given has played in all four of Aston Villa's FA Cup matches this term .
Iran's first Supreme Leader made a bitter peace with Iraq's Saddam Hussein .
Nazila Fathi: Is current leader Ayatollah Khamanei trying to put Iran on right track before he dies?
Atletico Madrid leapfrogged Valencia in race for third position .
The La Liga duo are battling for automatic Champions League berth .
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season in the fifth minute .
Saul Niguez added a second before the interval to double his side's lead .
Victim was $7500 behind on child support when Michael Slager shot him .
Had already been jailed three times for missing payments in 2011 and 2012 .
There was nothing directing officers to bring him to family court .
Dashcam footage shows Scott running from his car after being pulled over .
Minutes later Officer Slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .
Public Health Agency confirm patient is being tested for rabies in hospital .
Say that the person had recently travelled to area affected by disease .
Rabies is a viral infection that attacks the brain and nervous system .
David Hibbitt was diagnosed in 2012 after initially being told he had piles .
Underwent chemo radiotherapy and surgery but was told he was terminal .
Desperate he researched online and bought cannabis oil at £50 a month .
Credits it with his remarkable recovery and is now cancerfree .
Simba went missing in early March in the town of Meckenheim Germany .
His owner's neighbour heard scratching in her bathroom four weeks later .
The pet was freed by firefighters and is now starting to put weight back on .
Sudan is the last hope for a species on the verge of being wiped out .
Rangers in Kenya risking their lives to keep the 43yearold rhino safe .
But ivory is now fetching as much as £47000 per kilo as demand grows .
Animal sanctuary Ol Pejeta trying to raise money to help pay for guards .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Many seals who are just a few weeks old are shot impaled and clubbed to death on 'sealing' vessels for their fur .
'They are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody wants or needs' said Sir Paul McCartney who backs the charity who took chilling photographs .
Demand has diminished after purchase of seal products was banned by both European Union and the United States .
Newfoundland government has pledged millions of pounds worth of subsidies to prop up country's 'dying industry'
Small businesses will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend .
Penalty rates of up to twoandahalf times pay are affecting employees .
The inflated penalty rates allow casual workers to earn up to $50 an hour .
The Australian Chamber of Commerce has called on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates to help small operators .
But Unions has claimed workers are being subjected to a false and misleading campaign .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 42 at Old Trafford .
Win moved United four points clear of City in third place in the table .
Louis van Gaal has left Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao on bench .
Ashley Young Juan Mata and Marouane Fellaini have all been revived .
Chris Smalling and Phil Jones are showing progress at the back .
Donor 7042 carries defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)
Ten of the donor's offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1 .
Can increase risk of cancer cause learning difficulties and reduce lifespan .
Four families are suing the Nordic Cryobank that supplied the sperm .
Ferme de Montagne is a boutique chaletstyle hotel in France .
Guests are wowed by a rich variety of peaks including the Dents du Midi .
Ski resort Les Gets boasts 400 miles of groomed pistes .
Phone appointments replaced by doctors seeing patients on video calls .
Repeat prescriptions and booking appointments could also go online .
£250million from sale of NHS assets to create a 'paperless health service'
Gao Yu 71 gave 'state secrets to foreigners' according to Beijing court .
Ruled that she leaked Communist party missive to Hong Kong media outlet .
Document warns of 'dangers' of multiparty democracy independent media .
Gao appear on Chinese state broadcaster last May admitting to a 'mistake'
Harry Kane won his first two England caps last week .
The Tottenham striker has scored eight times in 10 Under21 games .
But Dalgish believes he has moved on now and should not return .
Kane is eligible for Gareth Southgate's team this summer .
Gareth Bale joined Real Madrid for £86million from Tottenham in 2013 .
Bale the won Copa del Rey and Champions League in first season at Real .
25yearold's car was attacked by fans after losing to Barcelona last month .
SEE where Cristiano Ronaldo and Bale unwind after Madrid training .
New charts show how the constellations will look 98000 years in the future .
Graphic designer Martin Vargic created the charts using observation data .
The Big Dipper Leo Cassiopeia and Crux will change beyond recognition .
The stars will shift position as our solar system moves through the galaxy .
Australian convicted drug smugglers Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan are expected to be executed in coming hours .
Celebrated artist Ben Quilty became their mentor and friend in 2002 .
He has campaigned tirelessly for clemency leading the 'Mercy' campaign .
Hours before their execution he penned a message to Indonesian President .
He has described how the men will be a pillar of strenght for the others on death row until the last moment the guns are fires .
Anthony Joshua will take on Jason Gavern in Newcastle on Saturday .
Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015 after recovering from a stress fracture in his back .
This will be Joshua's 11th professional bout since his debut in 2013 .
He believes that his 'hunger and determination' will more than make up for Gavern's superior experience of 50 fights .
Aaron Cook fought for Great Britain at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 .
Cook felt he was unfairly left out of the London 2012 Olympics team .
British Olympic Association approved application for nationality change .
Cook has received funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici .
Pete Evans dropped as a celebrity ambassador by food chain Sumo Salad .
The salad chain are denying this is related to his paleo controversies .
Evans' infant cookbook Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way was set for release on Friday March 13 but was delayed due to health concerns .
It is coauthored with blogger Charlotte Carr and naturopath Helen Padarin .
The book is becoming a selfpublished digital book released this month .
The company says it expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14300 U.S. stores by the end of next week .
It says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates which it said was used to keep the chicken moist in favor of vegetable starch .
The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning .
David Moyes gave Wayne Rooney his professional debut at Everton .
Moyes was appointed Manchester United's new manager in 2013 .
Rooney was heavily linked with a move to Chelsea at the same time .
Bob Arum pulls plug on phone interview after too many people on the call .
Manny Pacquiao answers 'very good' to a question before interview ended .
Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday .
Mayweather: I am better than Muhammad Ali and Sugar Ray Robinson .
READ: MayweatherPacquiao weighin will be first ever with paidfor tickets .
Fabio Lavato popped the question to Laura Knight at their local Cineworld .
He created a proposal video that was played at the end of the trailers .
Laura said yes and was too excited to watch the rest of the film .
Greece could go bust next week as salaries and EU debt repayments loom .
Failing to pay workers will be humiliating for leftwing Syriza government .
But default on €200m IMF payment in May would plunge EU into new crisis .
UEFA threatens to ban Greece from international football in row over law .
Kim Kardashian was dining out with Kanye West and Jerusalem's mayor .
Mayor posted photo of him and the famous couple on Twitter on Monday .
Image  then printed on an ultraOrthodox news site  but Kim was left out .
Instead photo only showed Kanye and Mayor Nir Barkat chatting at table .
Ultraconservative Jewish news media consider photos of women sexual .
News site Hakikar condemned Mr Barkat for dining at nonkosher venue .
It also reportedly criticized the $692 bill (including tip) at Mona Restaurant .
Kim and Kanye baptized toddler daughter North in Jerusalem's Old City .
Shanna McCormick was 27.5st and had lifethreatening asthma attacks .
Was engaged to her partner who feared she would die in her sleep .
Miss McCormick decided to put off the wedding to lose weight over 2 years .
Lost 16.5st with meal replacements and has now set a date for the wedding .
A big pitfall on dinner dates is a struggle to find topics to discuss .
Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks lists funny facts to avoid silence .
They include 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer'
Once a super typhoon Maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .
It could still cause flooding landslides and other problems in the Philippines .
Trawler was carrying 132 crew members when it sank in Sea of Okhotsk .
Fishing boats in the area have helped emergency services with rescue .
At least 56 people have died after ship sank in just 15 minutes .
Sea is coldest in East Asia with air temperatures of 20 degrees Celsius .
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray .
Assistant John Brooks was spot on with two close calls in same move .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 21 in Premier League on Monday .
AP McCoy will struggle with his new routine now he has retired from racing .
20time champion jockey described Saturday as the hardest day of his life .
His shortterm list of diversions will include watching his beloved Arsenal .
Conditional jockey champion Sean Bowen tipped to follow in his footsteps .
Stunning tale came from White House domestic help who tended to the Clintons' every need during the 1990s .
Book published today is based on more than 100 interviews with ordinary nonpolitical staff who ran America's presidential mansion .
One former head of the household staff said: They were about the most paranoid people I'd ever seen in my life'
Another staff member said he was fired after he helped former first lady Barbara Bush with her computer because Clintons feared he was gossiping .
A third recalled listening as Bill and Hillary fought during the Monica Lewinsky saga with Hillary once calling him a 'g*ddamn b*stard'
The Yeo Valley staff canteen is said to be best in the world and offers restaurantquality food at subsidised prices .
Its 120 dairy workers can tuck into a meal for as little as £2 and now the canteen has been opened up to the public .
Locallysourced food is prepared by Michelintrained chef Paul Collins against stunning backdrop of the Mendips .
How does your staff canteen measure up? Send your pictures and stories to gemma.mullin@mailonline.co.uk .
Iain Mackay 40 saw his Thai girlfriend talking to another man in a bar .
Trio reportedly got into a furious argument at the coastal Hua Hin resort .
Shortly afterwards Mr Mackay appeared in a nearby shop bleeding heavily .
Was suffering injuries caused by shards of glass from a smashed mirror .
Paramedics were called to the scene but he died in hospital  hours later .
One in three women are self conscious about the state of their skin .
Superdrug launches range of creams to tackle spots and fight aging .
Hormones and diets blamed for those up to their 50s suffering with spots .
Champions Leaguechasing clubs looking to hoover up talent .
Arsenal Manchester United Liverpool and Chelsea all in the hunt .
Southampton Burnley and Everton could suffer at the hands of top clubs .
Projection underlines next government's task to eliminate annual deficit .
It hit a record £153billion under Labour in 2009/10 and is now £90billion .
Tories pledged to return UK to black in 2018/19 with surplus of £5.2billion .
But global watchdog predicts there will still be deficit of £7billion that year .
The film is out in theaters today .
Costar Paul Walker died during production .
Critics say "Furious 7" is bittersweet and "plenty of crazy fun"
James Best who played the sheriff on "The Dukes of Hazzard" died Monday at 88 .
"Hazzard" ran from 1979 to 1985 and was among the most popular shows on TV .
Contrary to the Abba  song Napoleon did not surrender at Waterloo .
Templar hospice is being turned into a restaurantcumbrewery museum .
May sees the 75th anniversary of 'glorious failure' of Operation Dynamo .
MTV Movie Awards host Amy Schumer had some hits and misses during the show .
Rebel Wilson tossed in a censorworthy joke .
Alton Hines the fiancé of Leah O'Brien 33 the beloved teacher killed in a car crash on April 25 is speaking out about the night the woman died .
The other driver 19yearold Ramiro Pedemonte is facing charges including homicide reckless driving and serious injury by motor vehicle .
Police determined that Pedemonte was going over 100 mph when he hit O'Brien .
Authorities say Pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a June 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute .
Bogan Shire Council in NSW is planning a statue to honour its namesake .
It would depict a 'bloke' in shorts and singlet carrying a rod and tuckerbox .
Mayor Ray Donald said the statue could have tourism benefits .
Would join the trend for 'big' things in country towns .
Existing icons include the big Merino the big banana and the big pineapple .
SNP will vote against 'any bit of spending' it disagrees with after election .
Nationalist MPs could paralyse the UK government by blocking legislation .
Threat came as Labour's Angela Eagle said they would speak to any party .
SNP suggests it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom over Trident if he is PM .
Werder Bremen defeated Hamburg SV 10 in the Bundesliga on Sunday .
Bruno Labbadia has returned as coach to save Hamburg from relegation .
Wolfsburg meet Schalke 04 in the later game on Sunday .
A charity group is preparing aid packages for those who want to return home .
The attacks have left 5 dead  two immigrants and three South Africans .
A 14yearold boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigners .
Video narrated by British jihadist fighter emerge from Syrian frontline .
Shot by alNusra group after capturing city in northwestern province .
Man can be heard claiming to have 'liberated' the city from 'oppression'
Syrian government carried out 20 airstrikes on city day after it was shot .
The coach burst into flames while on the A2 slip road to the M25 at Dartford .
The blaze sent plumes of black smoke drifting across the carriageway .
It is thought that the fire began in the engine and spread to the rest of the coach .
Hove promenade's white Art Deco houses are filled with British celebrities .
Singer Adele and DJ Norman Cook among stars who own on beach front .
The properties were built between 1909 and 1910 by Michael Paget Baxter .
One of the  houses has gone on the market for a guide price of £4million .
Brandvaughan.co.uk 01273 683111 .
Austin Hatfield of Wimauma was keeping the potentially deadly snake AKA a cottonmouth in a pillow case in his bedroom .
A friend said Hatfield's 'not afraid of death' and the 18yearold won himself the chance to face death down on Saturday .
Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition but has since improved and he's expected to recover .
Lib Dem leader warns three or fourparty coalition 'is not going to work'
Raises prospect of Lib Dems entering government with Labour or Tories .
Experts warn hung parliament could send financial markets into turmoil .
Nancy Kanwisher works at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
She used her bare scalp to explain what the different brain regions are .
The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website .
1.9 million foreigners are likely to be in the country at any one time in 2015 .
This includes students tourists and workers on short term visas .
While permanent migrants is likely to exceed record of 185000 set in 1969 .
The current visa figures compare to those in the aftermath of World War II .
Nutricentre's nutritional therapist Lorna DriverDavies explains benefits .
Companies are harvesting filtering bottling and selling rainwater .
Nutrientrich birch water has diuretic properties and good health benefits .
Utrecht briefly had twelve players on the pitch against Ajax on Sunday .
Winger Edouard Duplan hadn't realised he had been substituted .
Frenchman saw funny side and made his way off the pitch during 11 draw .
Underweight people are also more likely to be diagnosed with Alzheimers .
Obese person is 30 per cent less likely to get dementia than healthy person .
This could help scientists develop new treatments researchers have said .
Michael Kimmel was taken into custody wearing only boots jeans and a cowboy hat .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Footage was released along with other key pieces of evidence .
Video played in court shows truck pulling up to driveway of burger stand .
His pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over Sloan's leg .
The vehicle is then seen plowing over Carter killing him .
Other pieces of evidence included an hourlong interview with Cle 'Bone' Sloan who survived being run over by the Death Row Records cofounder .
A number of images taken immediately after his arrest were also released .
Closeups of his face were intended to show injuries he sustained after being punched by Sloan .
Miss Buckley went missing in Glasgow last week sparking police search .
She was found dead on farmland. A man has been charged with murder .
Judge spoke about her case when dealing with brawl outside a bar .
His comments have caused anger among victims' groups .
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao on May 2 at MGM Grand .
Tickets were officially sold for as much as $10000 .
READ: Fans get their hands on Mayweather vs Pacquiao tickets .
Mayweather vs Pacquiao by numbers: From tickets to betting odds .
CLICK HERE for the latest Mayweather vs Pacquiao news .
Boeing 737 cargo plane was carrying 10 tonnes of freight when it landed .
Left main landing gear detached due to heat damage to chrome plating .
Report said 'the aircraft shuddered and rolled slightly' to the left .
Copilot and the captain of a different team reported smoke .
Firefighters sprayed the landing gear and engine as a precaution .
State's Department of Fish and Game ruled that the family must die .
Mother and cubs had been spotted eating from trash cans in Anchorage .
Plans are being made for bearproof trash cans to stop situation repeating .
Dr. Seuss' new book "What Pet Should I Get?" will have a first printing of 1 million copies .
The publisher released a neverbeforeseen image from inside the book by Theodor Geisel .
Chase Culpepper 17 who was born male regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women's clothing .
After passing a driving test last year she was told by officials at a DMV office in Anderson SC to remove her makeup because of a 'policy'
Experts say the Ashbrittle Yew was mature when Stonehenge was built .
Locals fear it's 'extremely sick' due to wilting branches and falling leaves .
But a tree surgeon thinks it could just be going through a 'bad patch'
Captain Lee McCulloch was booed by Rangers supporters last weekend .
McCulloch made an error that led to Raith Rovers hitting the back of the net .
Rangers play league leaders Hearts in the Scottish Championship Saturday .
Islamist extremist group Hizb utTahrir 'join alQaeda franchise in Syria'
Jihadi John came in contact with group at Westminster University .
Lib Dem candidate in strip club scandal was a member for 13 years .
Maajid Nawaz was jailed in Egypt in 2005 over his work with HT .
Nawaz was caught on CCTV visiting London strip club during Ramadan .
Study estimates yearly figure for women aged 4059 .
Breast cancer is the second biggest cancer killer among American women .
A critic claims there was no attempt to balance the costs with the benefits .
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28 .
This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July with some worried his drinking was a priority .
The Heisman Trophy winner had a lackluster rookie year where he saw little playing time and just two starts .
He is now set to begin offseason workouts with the Cleveland Browns on April 20 .
Manziel will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position who just signed a $14 million contract with the team .
Sheila Secker 78 died after she was unable to ring son after a fall .
She hadn't used her payasyougo phone so it had been disconnected .
Vodafone had cut off her number but 'glitch' still allowed topups .
251 shot Many Clouds wins Grand National .
Second win a row for jockey Leighton Aspell .
First jockey to win two in a row on different horses since 1950s .
Dog pictured 'surrendering' alongside its drug gang owners .
Police took amusing snap during a drugs bust in south Brazil .
Picture showing gang members and their dog has since gone viral .
HansWilhelm MullerWohlfahrt quit as Bayern Munich doctor this week .
The 72yearold had worked at the Bundesliga club for nearly 40 years .
He said the medical department had been blamed for Porto defeat .
Pep Guardiola has denied there was a dispute and has taken responsibility for Bayern Munich's Champions League loss .
Stash valued at £5620 discovered in 67yearold Christine Carriage's home .
Officers said property looked more like clothing warehouse than a dwelling .
She was handed a  sixmonth suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court .
Caroline Wozniacki took to Twitter to congratulate golfer Jordan Spieth .
Spieth won the first major of his career at the Masters in Augusta .
But fans were quick to question Wozniacki's motives following his win .
Many asked whether it was a dig at former fiancee Rory McIlroy .
CLICK HERE for more news and reaction to Masters 2015 .
Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh will leave a source says .
Ousted leader Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi promises to return .
Next phase called "Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on political process .
Liverpool face Aston Villa in their FA Cup semifinal at Wembley on Sunday .
Pele was a special guest as the Reds played Manchester United in March .
Philippe Coutinho has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year and PFA Young Player of the Year awards .
Gisele Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday night in Brazil .
The supermodel announced her retirement from runway modeling over the weekend .
She plans to continue working in other facets of the industry .
Four teens busted towing nearly 2000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits .
Stopped on interstate for driving pickup and trailer with expired tag .
They told deputies they were heading to Gulf Shores for spring break .
A beloved dog was believed to be killed by a driver but days later she showed up .
Left injured after being run over someone attempted a misguided mercy killing and beat the dog in the head with a hammer .
Now named Theia her surgery will cost upward of $9000 .
AlShabaab's attack on Garissa University College is the group's deadliest so far in Kenya .
Authors: The group is under pressure from African Union forces and a covert U.S. war .
Jesse O'Brien is seen swallowing nine of his daily dose of 45 pills .
His mum hoped the footage would amuse and encourage him .
The video is now helping other kids feel better about the daunting task .
SNP leader refuses to rule out calling for another vote on independence .
Nationalists had called last year's referendum 'once in a generation'
Opponents accuse Sturgeon of breaking a 'promise the size of Ben Nevis'
Asia Siddiqui one of two femlae ISIS converts arrested in New York on Thursday had a Jihadthemed poem published in an Al Qaeda magazine .
The poem titled 'Take Me to the Land Where the Eyes are Cooled' is a gory account of her dream to become a martyr .
The poem was published by Samir Khan an American citizen and onetime editor of Al Qaeda magazine Inspire who Siddiqui met in 2006 .
Khan wrote a howto guide for bombmaking for Inspire which is believed to have been used by the accused Boston bombers .
Khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen .
Marlon Samuels will inspire teammates with discipline and application .
The West Indies batsman scored 103 in second Test against England .
Les Abend: How did gyrocopter fly on to Capitol grounds when FAA defense forces keep tight rein on airspace?
He says gyrocopter may be lightweight and slow enough that it evaded radar .
He says it's unlikely such a flight could pose a serious danger .
Mike CannonBrookes is the ‘accidental billionaire’ who cofounded a company with a net worth of around $3.5b .
The Aussie began the company in a modest apartment above a sex shop with his uni mate at the age of 22 .
CannonBrookes has now reportedly splashed out in a stunning Centennial Park property for $12 million .
Jason Cotterill bombarded his victim with abuse and threatening messages .
He sent an explicit picture of the terrified woman to her own daughter .
Mother says her life became a living 'hell' as he plagued her with abuse .
Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again .
Fifth seed Serbian Ana Ivanovic beaten 76 (8/6) 64 by Caroline Garcia .
It's the third time this year Ivanovic has lost to the France world No 29 .
Seeds Ekaterina Makarova (6) and Carla Suarez Navarro (8) also won .
McLaren driver Jenson Button ran the London Marathon 2015 .
He finished with a time of 2 hours 52 minutes and 30 seconds .
Button praised the 'amazing atmosphere' and collective spirit of the runners at the event .
Paul Merson had questioned England selection of Andros Townsend .
Tottenham winger scored equaliser in Tuesday's 11 draw with Italy .
Merson admitted Townsend had proved him wrong with 'great goal'
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing .
People walking along Somerton Beach southwest of Adelaide found a dead fullyclothed man aged about 45 lying on shore    on December 1 1948 .
Postmortem concluded he died of poisoning but type was undetectable .
Handwritten note found in pocket of trousers but didn't provide any clues .
The Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and secret code and woman's telephone number in book where paper came from .
Experts now say they have a good chance of identifying body through DNA .
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he would love to be new Top Gear presenter .
The fivetime world snooker champion has an affection for cars .
O'Sullivan has appeared as a guest on the show in the past .
The 39yearold plays Matthew Stevens in the second round .
Mary Pat Christie 51 quit her position at finance firm Angleo Gordon & Co .
Reportedly told colleagues the move would precede a Christie campaign .
Mrs Christie earns almost three times as much as her husband .
Has accompanied New Jersey governor on putative campaign trail .
Third man charged after terror raids in Melbourne at the weekend .
The 18yearold man will front  Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday .
Earlier sickening details emerged about the planned Anzac Day terror plot .
The men had planned to run down a police officer and kill him with a knife .
They then intended to go on a shooting rampage with his gun .
It eerily mirrors the death of British soldier Lee Rigby in 2013 .
He was run down and then butchered with a meat cleaver .
Swords and knifes were found in the teen's houses .
After scoring a try on Friday night David Pocock gestured in sign language to a friend .
Miranda Devine mistook it for 'jazz hands' calling him a 'tosser' on Twitter .
The Rugby player gracefully corrected Devine who promptly apologised .
Social media went into a frenzy following the exchange .
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the court TV screen .
Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums .
But one competitor who continues to turn heads is motheroftwo and attorney Malenda Meacham .
She says she likes to drink coffee before playing the air bongos so she can give it her all .
The number of new HIV infections in Indiana has grown to 142 cases .
Some families in isolated communities use illegal drugs and share needles as a "community activity" a health official says .
Public health officials urge vigilance to stop the outbreak from gaining ground .
Zoe Hadley 19 was found dead in a hotel in Putney south west London .
Teenager had been battling an undiagnosed illness since she was 13 .
Her parents a leading solicitor and a GP struggled to treat her condition .
Inquest heard how she refused to accept she had mental health problems .
For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Child left with horrific scars by adopted mother over homework she set him .
Biological mother had sent her son to live with cousin for a better life .
Adoptive mum now in custody after incident that sparked outrage in China .
Graeme Finlay allegedly attacked Ronald and June Phillips on a cruise ship .
The couple were walking back to their cabin on the ship to drink cocoa .
Finlay denies two charges of wounding and grievous bodily harm .
He claims the couple ignored him after he sat with them at a dinner table .
ISIS is using past Western transgressions in Iraq to justify its brutality .
Lack of accountability following 2003 invasion paved way for abuse  and for sectarian tensions .
The Yeatman has been open for just five years but has the feel of a place steeped in decadesold tradition .
There is a wine theme throughout the fivestar hotel with guests enjoying amazing views of the Douro river .
The hotel is built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia with almost every room themed after a Portuguese winery .
Robots are made out of old car parts and have CCTV cameras as heads .
Originally created by artist Giles Walker for a show called 'Peepshow'.
Barcelona outclassed PSG to win 31 in the Champions League quarters .
Neymar scored the opener after brilliant work from Lionel Messi .
Luis Suarez netted a fabulous second half double for Luis Enrique's side .
Gregory van der Wiel's deflected effort gave PSG some hope .
David Alaba posted video on his Instagram of the cast being removed .
The Austrian is currently out after suffering knee ligament damage .
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday .
William Kerr was released on licence in January but left bail hostel in Hull .
53yearold was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort .
Ms Comfort's body was found in a cupboard in her flat by relatives .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had prepared specific tactics for dealing with the threat of Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini .
However ahead of the game at Stamford Bridge Mourinho was told by a hotel doorman that Fellaini would not be playing .
The doorman had seen who he had thought was Fellaini pick up some tickets from Chelsea forward Eden Hazard .
A Google images search revealed that person to be Fellaini's twin brother .
Fellaini did play against Chelsea but was dealt with by Kurt Zouma .
Russian LGBT activist Elena Klimova found her trolls on social media .
She posted candid photos of them along with their hatefilled messages .
MailOnline has chosen to blur the faces of those exposed .
Sevencar train beat previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003 .
It made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway .
Maglev service between Tokyo and Nagoya will begin running in 2027 .
Train's engineers are planning new attempt to reach 373mph (600km/h)
Former EDL organiser Gary Field was spotted at a Ukip event in Kent .
Mr Field was tagged after he was convicted in 2013 for an assault .
One Labour canvasser said that Mr Field sprayed her with deodorant .
Mr Field said he did spray her but claimed the incident was just 'banter'
Two women permitted into cockpit of Ryanair flight to Berlin Germany .
Ryanair state the women were offduty staff and have investigated .
But in light of Germanwings disaster where 150 people were killed actions brought concern to passengers on board .
Ramp agent tells authorities he fell asleep in cargo hold Alaska Airlines says .
The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
Zhou Yongkang most senior politician to face court since Mao's widow .
He is the highestlevel official charged in anticorruption campaign .
Destroys any chance him rivalling the party leadership .
Iranian sports official: The ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .
But he says "families are not interested in attending" some sports matches .
Comedienne Mindy Kaling 35 says she did not know about her brother's decision to apply to medical school posing as an African American .
Vijay ChokalIngam 38 claims he pretended to be a black man and was accepted into the St. Louis University School of Medicine in 1998 .
He says he decided he'd have a better chance of getting into medical school if he was black rather than as an IndianAmerican man .
Tells of his experiences on his own blog Almost Black and criticizes affirmative action .
Their mother died in January 2012 eight months after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer .
Helaman Barlow was police chief of twin towns of Colorado City Arizona and Hildale Utah but admits he did things he now regrets .
He said he knew of underage marriages happening in the community and was asked by church leaders to change police reports .
He also recorded conversations with law enforcement and passed them on to Jeffs when he was on the run and being sought by the FBI .
Jeffs the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of LatterDay Saints is now serving life in prison for marrying and raping two 12yearold girls .
Federal investigators are now suing the towns' governments accusing them of being controlled by the church .
Alaska Department of Fish and Game biologist delivered the animals .
The land mammals followed his snowmobile dropping alfalfa cubes .
They travelled a mile and crossed the Innoko River to Lower Innoko .
New location should start producing sedge for the bison to feed on .
New mothers under more pressure than ever to 'bounce back' after birth .
Experts warn that doing too much too soon could do long term damage .
Camilla Lawrence women’s health physiotherapist says safety is key .
Ellen Weirich opened her US school after successfully helping a friend .
Le Femme now helps both transgender and crossdressers alike .
Women are taught airs and graces required to be more female .
Also taught how to cover up stubble and create a convincing cleavage .
90 per cent of women experience menstrual pain during their period .
One in ten will suffer from endometriosis but it can take up to ten years to be diagnosed .
Despite this women  don't know what it is or if their pain is normal .
Naturopathic doctor Lara Briden shares natural remedies for period pain .
April 8 2014 the WHO finally started reporting the Ebola epidemic was a "concern"
Front line health care workers and Ebola survivors say the world has to act quicker .
A sneak peek at Amal Clooney's wardrobe reveals she spends thousands of pounds on chic designer outfits .
Outfits she is pictured in below cost at least £66900 but George Clooney's wife always appears effortlessly elegant .
Londonbased lawyer often spotted across Europe in designer numbers including Prada D&G or Stella McCartney .
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott was joined by his teammates for photoshoot .
Walcott and six of his Arsenal colleagues were showing off club suits .
The England ace was joined by Calum Chambers Jack Wilshere Mikel Arteta David Ospina Mathieu Flamini and Mesut Ozil .
Walcott has been named on the bench for 17 of Arsenal's league games .
READ: Walcott needs to look Wenger in the eye and discuss future .
Kinessa Johnson served four years as a weapons instructor and mechanic .
Now she works for Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife .
Patrols with park rangers and assists in intelligence operations .
Insists she is not a 'poacher hunter' and only catches and detains them .
Joshua Burns was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for seconddegree child abuse earlier this month .
He and his wife Brenda Burns maintain that he's innocent and that the 11weekold baby slipped from his lap and he caught her by the face .
He claims that he was trying to save his daughter now one year old from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home .
Brenda Burns has fled Michigan to Colorado to escape what she believes is unconstitutional oversight by the Department of Human Services .
A June hearing could potentially terminate Joshua Burns's parental rights .
The couple will be featured on Dr Phil on Monday to tell their story .
Manchester United beat their rivals City 42 at Old Trafford on Sunday .
It led to supporters claiming Manchester had been turned red once more .
United had lost their four previous derbies against their great rivals City .
Louis van Gaal appears to have turned United's fortunes round this year .
Sportsmail's Ian Ladyman examines the issues after the fierce derby .
READ: Five things Van Gaal has done to transform  results at Man Utd .
Jonathan Trott has struggled on his Test comeback against West Indies .
Ben Stokes took to Twitter to voice his frustration with a noball call .
Former England Rugby 2015 chief executive Debbie Jevans has made her first public appearance since that Twickenham storm .
Christian Longo has been writing letters to People from his death row cell .
Believes 'some actions are so terrible that nothing can ever atone them'
In 2001 he killed his family stuffed them into suitcases and dumped them .
Three children and his wife Mary Jane were all found by police divers .
FBI tracked him to Cancun where he was partying with a German woman .
Was posing as shamed New York Times reporter Michael Finkel .
He was brought stateside and sentenced to death at the end of month trial .
Movie starring Jonah Hill and James Franco about his relationship with the journalist has been released .
Outrage in China as 'two unemployed rich kids' race and crash luxury cars .
Cars thought to be worth combined total of £1.3million were both wrecked .
Residents say people often race along stretch making the road dangerous .
Internet users have branded drivers as 'irresponsible' and 'spoilt rich kids'
Nice forward Alassane Plea is attracting interest from the Baggies .
West Brom are also keeping tabs on exBlackburn right back Bryan Dabo .
READ: Tony Pulis confident of keeping hold of Saido Berahino .
Prague's new metro extension transports travellers closer to the airport .
They are forced to transfer to buses to travel the final five miles .
But they must climb a set of stars because there is no escalator to buses .
An escalator was constructed but it leads to an unbuilt train station .
The network has reportedly greenlit the tellall .
Lifetime previously did an unauthorized movie on "Saved by the Bell"
Ms Hanson slammed imposing halal certification on Australians .
She described the move as a 'profit moneymaking racket'
One Nation leader denied that any clashes took place at rally in Brisbane .
'Criticism is not racism. We have a right to have a say' she says .
Protesters clashed with antiracist activists in Sydney and Melbourne .
Twitter account claimed to be linked with group behind antiIslam protests .
Originally believed Reclaim Australia gave control of feed to a supporter .
However 'Jeremy' began to tweet jokes as the protest in Sydney started .
Thousands attend Reclaim Australia rallies across the country .
Preacher and civil rights leader said reports of a funeral ban are 'bogus'
Will head to North Charleston South Carolina to preach on Sunday .
Walter Scott 50 was shot dead by Michael Slager almost a week ago .
Celtic were defeated 32 after extratime in the Scottish Cup semifinal .
Leigh Griffiths had a goalbound shot blocked by a clear handball .
However no action was taken against offender Josh Meekings .
The Hoops have written the SFA for an 'understanding' of the decision .
Aid agency received approval from Saudiled coalition to enter Yemen .
It has been negotiating for weeks to deliver emergency food and supplies .
11 days of coalition airstrikes on Iranbacked Shi'ite Houthi rebel positions have left more than 500 people dead and many more displaced .
News comes as Pakistan begins talks to join the coalition of Sunni nations .
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas docked on Tuesday in San Diego with 135 sicken passengers aboard .
On Monday Celebrity's Infinit docked with 106 ill people .
Both ships had sailed from Fort Lauderdale Florida for a 15night voyage .
Rickie Lambert is likely to miss out when Liverpool play Arsenal .
Rickie Fowler has been urged to develop a nasty streak at Augusta .
Phil Jones  can Louis van Gaal find his perfect position?
Roberto Mancini has a huge Italian job on his hands at Inter Milan .
But he probably enjoyed coverage of the Cricket World Cup in the paper .
Subjects taking acetaminophen reacted less strongly to both pleasant and unpleasant photos .
Each week 52 million Americans use the pain reliever .
Unknown whether other pain products produce the same effect .
A graphic on NBC's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as 'Lauren'
The flub by a graphics person made on the East Coast feed of the morning show was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online .
Today interviewed 70yearold Michaels for a story  on New York gathering for influential people listed by TIME magazine .
Geologists used undersea vehicles to record  two underwater volcanic vents  called Hades and Prometheus  as they erupted near Samoa .
Scientists found the acoustic signatures of the eruptions were different .
They hope to use sound to monitor underwater eruptions as they happen .
Barcelona among host of clubs keen on signing Paul Pogba .
But Juventus director Pavel Nedved insists he is going nowhere .
Czech admitted he is pleased Juve avoided Barca in Champions League .
Claims that Lionel Messi is currently enjoying 'best spell' of his career .
CLICK HERE for the latest Barcelona news .
Sophia Adams has been named winner of Curvy Kate model competition .
The 'Star in a Bra' winner will feature in their next campaign and has also landed a modelling contract with plussize agency Bridge Models .
Launched in 2009 Curvy Kate offers DK cup lingerie designed especially for a fuller bust.
21yearold Adams from North West London has a 32JJ bust .
England are reigning champions having beaten Holland in last year's final .
The Young Lions have been placed in Group D of the tournament .
England will compete against Holland Italy and the Republic of Ireland .
Lord Neuberger said Muslim women should be allowed to wear a fullface veil when appearing in court to show respect to 'different customs .
He also said judges must be aware of their 'subconscious bias'
Judges are 'rightly' seen as from 'privileged' part of society he said .
He cited a judge ruling on a case of an unemployed traveller as an example .
Since publication of this article Lord Neuberger has since clarified his position which may be read here: Article .
Film crew was following deputies chase horse thief in California desert .
Man falls off his horse two deputies stun him with their Tasers .
They then kick him in groin and head repeatedly before others join them .
In total eight deputies surround the man kicking him for two minutes .
San Bernardino County sheriff has called for investigation into the incident .
Princess Elizabeth and Margaret joined the crowds celebrating in London .
Queen's cousin Margaret Rhodes was with the young royals celebrating .
She says the Queen remembers the night with 'great happiness'
Adventure has been recreated in new film A Right Royal Night out .
The giant mansion used to film the hit show Empire is on the market for $13 million following a price drop .
The 20000 square feet French Countrystyle estate took five years to build .
The five bedroom nine bathroom house features waterfront views custom woodwork and lots of space for entertaining .
Fit for a mogul the house is  owned by strip club owner Sam Cecola .
Marcello Trebitsch 37 was indicted Monday on securities and wire fraud charges .
The Brooklyn resident is married to the daughter of disgraced former New York State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver .
Just three months ago the same prosecutor hit Silver with corruption charges for allegedly taking $4million in bribes and kickbacks .
Silver has fiercely denied the charges .
Disqualified owner Massimo Cellino confirms Nicola Salerno's departure .
Announcement comes six days after assistant coach was suspended .
Salerno understood to be responsible for Steve Thompson suspension .
Italian has been linked with sporting director's job at Palermo in Italy .
Benaud died in his sleep in Sydney after a short battle with skin cancer .
He made his debut for Australia aged just 18 and played in 63 Tests .
Was the first cricketer to take 200 wickets and make 2000 runs in Tests .
Under his daring captaincy Australia dominated cricket in the late 1950s .
Began commentating before he retired from playing with his face and voice becoming synonymous with cricket the world over .
Iconic figure's love of the game dry wit and understanding of knowing when not to speak gave him a unique voice .
His family have been offered a state funeral by Australian Prime Minister .
CLICK HERE for Benaud tributes as the cricket world mourns his death .
New tropical fruit to go on sale in the UK is cross between mango and plum .
The Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum  has been nicknamed the plango .
The fruit has a bright orange edible skin and a sweet taste and soft texture .
Arsenal host Liverpool in explosive return from international football .
Manchester United feature at Saturday 3pm when they take on Aston Villa .
League leaders Chelsea welcome Stoke City in Saturday evening kick off .
Barclays Premier League champions Manchester City travel to Crystal Palace for Monday Night Football .
Sunderland and Newcastle United clash in WearTyne derby on Sunday .
Attorney General Eric Holder sent out the memo to DOJ workers on Friday .
He said violating agency policy could lead to suspension or termination .
Employees are banned from hiring prostitutes when they are offduty or in foreign countries .
Inspector general's report found DEA agents had sex with prostitutes .
Soliciting undermines effort 'to eradicate the scourge of human trafficking'
The magazine usually carries tributes from nearly every major party leader .
Where Milband's message is expected the page is blank with sharp rebuke .
Chief of selfemployed organisation IPSE called decision 'disappointing'
Loushanna and Shawn Craig were on threeday holiday on island in March .
She was marooned in Tenerife for two weeks after biometric ID card stolen .
The 37yearold was given documentation to prove she was allowed back .
But she claims she was stopped at airport checkin and police were called .
Mrs Craig who has a Jamaican passport has placed blame with Ryainair .
Medical examiner 'found Freddie Gray's catastrophic head injury was consistent with bolt in the back door of the police van'
Police report suggests he was standing and fell head first into the door .
Officer driving van has yet to give statement to police sources claim .
Report on Freddie Gray's arrest and death handed to State's Attorney at 8.50am ET on Thursday .
It includes admission that police van made a previously unknown stop .
Police Commissioner refused to elaborate on the information .
The Everglades were drained a century ago and are now being restored .
"The Wonder List" season finale takes places in the Everglades .
Kent Police received reports of a kickabout on a closed stretch of the M25 .
Came after an air ambulance was called to rescue an injured motorcyclist .
Two teens were also rescued after becoming stranded on opposite carriage .
Happened when the pair wandered on to the clockwise carriageway as it reopened .
Anneli Tiirik 23 also reveals boyfriend switched flights 'at last moment'
Student wants airlines to add greater checks to prevent similar disasters .
Paul Bramley died when Andreas Lubitz crashed plane in Alps last month .
Copilot 27 was found to have researched suicide methods before crash .
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details .
Bournemouth are now second in the Championship following their draw .
Kieran Lee fires Wednesday into the lead with a 36th minute header .
Yann Kermorgant equalised with 21 minutes remaining .
Matt Ritchie looked to have sealed the win for the Cherries late on .
But Chris Maguire had the final say with his lastditch penalty strike .
Man City have won seven of the eight games Frank Lampard has started .
Phil Jagielka is five games away from a complete season without a booking .
Didier Drogba proved he can still do a job for Jose Mourinho's Chelsea .
Tim Sherwood is getting the best out of Tom Cleverley .
Bianca Gascoigne was walking in Marylebone when a gang appeared .
Muggers took her mobile phone before fleeing the scene on bikes .
The phone reportedly had private texts from her troubled father Paul .
Bianca took to Twitter to brand her attackers 'lowlifes'
Ander Herrera has scored seven goals for Man United since joining in June .
Herrera's eyes have been shut when striking the ball for six of his goals .
His superb strike against Yeovil Town has been only goal with eyes open .
Herrera netted a brace in Manchester United's 31 win over Aston Villa .
Patrick Vieira set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer .
Vieira has been working with Manchester City's development squad .
Frenchman made his name as a tough midfielder at Arsenal .
READ: Pellegrini's job on the line as Patrick Vieira waits in the wings .
READ: Ashley Young laughs at City as United silence 'noisy neighbours'
Details of Prince Harry's Australian deployment have been released .
Prince will arrive in Canberra and will visit the Australian War Memorial .
He will then report for duty and will be in Perth and Darwin among others .
Duties set to include bush patrols and 'indigenous engagement'
Prince Harry will briefly travel back later this month for Gallipoli memorial .
34000 Britons and 8700 Australians killed during WWI campaign .
Prince William is due to attend the ceremony at the Cenotaph on April 25 .
Palace sources have confirmed that Kate's due date is  the same day .
The Duke committed to the commemorations in February said aides .
He is currently training for his new job as an Air Ambulance pilot .
Chamali Fernando made comments at a hustings in Cambridge last night .
She claimed wearing wristbands could help doctors lawyers and police .
Her 'shocking' suggestion was attacked by her political rivals today .
Ms Fernando insisted her comments had been taken out of context .
Nick Clegg said the proposal would 'increase discrimination and stigma'
Mamamia used a photo of Wilson on a story about orthorexia nervosa .
The I Quit Sugar author and wellness blogger complained to the website .
They have apologised and removed her photo from the story .
'The choice of images originally used to illustrate this story weren't ideal' Mamamia said .
Wilson was pictured alongside controversial blogger Belle Gibson .
Paleo preacher Pete Evans's photo was also used in the article .
In 2013 Mamamia's founder Mia Freedman called Wilson 'obsessed'
Real Madrid had exclusivity on signing Javier Hernandez until Friday .
Other clubs can swoop for striker after deadline passed .
Manchester United to field offers of £10million for 26yearold Hernandez .
READ: Real Madrid to tempt PSG with a £30m offer for Marco Verratti .
David Cameron announces extension to righttobuy housing policy .
PM promises to extend  Right to Buy to all housing association tenants .
Discounts of up to 70% to allow 1.3million families to buy their home .
National Housing Federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8bn .
Claimed it was effectively worth £100000 for each family who benefited .
But the Tories said it would be funded by making councils sell off homes .
Martin Skrtel caught Daniel Kolar in the face with a raised boot .
Slovakia continued their good recent form thanks to Ondrej Duda's goal .
It was third win over Czech Republic since breakup of Czechoslovakia .
Engineers at the University of Sheffield made the discovery .
Tampons glow under UV light when they have absorbed detergent .
This enables experts to work out where pollution is coming from .
Innovation could stop sewage being accidently shunted into rivers .
Muhammadu Buhari's win marks the first democratic transition of power from a ruling party to the opposition .
Nigeria the most populous country in Africa is grappling with violent Boko Haram extremists .
Shibuya ward in Tokyo passes an ordinance that gives samesex couples some of the rights of married heterosexual couples .
Activists welcome the decision hope that it will lead to greater equality for LGBT people in Japan .
Recent poll finds most young Japanese open to the idea of gay marriage .
Peter Crouch analysed Charlie Adam's robot celebration against Chelsea .
The midfielder scored from his own half at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .
Adam followed his goal with a lighthearted ode to his Stoke teammate .
The Scot was asked to perform the act by Sky's Soccer AM presenters .
Crouch made the celebration famous whilst playing for England in 2006 .
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarterfinalists Pakistan by 79 runs .
Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries for Bangladesh .
Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply .
Pakistan will have the chance to level the threematch series on Sunday .
Paul Bakewell 35 arranged for partner Tara Barber 32 to drive by .
Bakewell from Walsall told friends and family to hide on other side of road .
Billboard was 20fttall and 30ftwide on side of A34 in Walsall West Mids .
Twoyearold Matheryn Naovaratpong from Thailand died in January .
Had battled a very rare brain cancer that affects very young children .
Her brain and body have been frozen by Arizonabased firm Alcor .
Family hopes body can be used for research  or she can one day live again .
Aston Villa have a chance of FA Cup glory after reaching the final .
A few months ago the Midlands club only had survival to contend with .
The Aston Villa squad can write the next chapter in the club's history .
After one series on the show Claudia Winkleman is nominated for a Bafta .
Neither Sir Bruce Forsyth nor Tess Daly were nominated for the awards .
She will compete against Ant and Dec Graham Norton and Leigh Francis .
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California has made quite a name for himself with his inability to catch .
His YouTube channel boasts more than five million hits .
Other videos show him being thrown steak tacos bread rolls pizza and donuts with misses every time .
The first year Washington University students were on Creve Coeur Lake .
Initially all is calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water .
Suddenly all hell breaks loose and hundreds of Asian carp leap at them .
PETA release campaign accusing Aussie shearers of mistreating sheep .
The Victorian Farming Federation launched official complaint on Monday .
The advert shoes vegan guitarist Jona Weinhofen holding severed lamb .
PETA later admitted the lamb was in fact a prop made of foam .
Minister Barnaby Joyce has defended wool industry calling the ad 'rubbish'
Alexander Kutner travelled with his Sky presenter mum Kay Burley .
They stayed at the Ulusaba reserve in South Africa's Sabi Sands .
The  stay at Cliff Lodge had luxury furnishings soft sheets and a chef .
Nick Woodman's dynamic cameras became instant success in 2006 .
Before they took off he acted as the model for the selfmade adverts .
Now nine years later he is a billionaire and top of Bloomberg Pay Index .
Southampton beat Blackburn in final of Premier League U21 Cup .
Sam Gallagher netted longrange strike to win the tie for 10man Saints .
Matt Targett own goal had levelled up Ryan Seager opener in normal time .
Over 12000 fans turned up to watch Saints win the cup at St Mary's .
Chelsea are currently nine points clear in the Premier League standings .
Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday .
The Blues have six games remaining in the current league campaign .
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning freekick for Juventus against Torino .
However Juve fell to a 21 defeat and missed the chance to wrap up their fourth consecutive Serie A title .
Despite the loss Juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table .
Pirlo is still playing at the top of his game at 35yearsold .
Postman Adam Prowse danced with customer Nichola Sullings .
Pair boogied to Michael Jackson’s 'Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough'
Adam has since received much admiration from female viewers .
Royal Mail said: ‘It is a pleasure to have him working for us’
Power failure sparked a 'total meltdown' on London trains across the day .
Thousands of passengers stranded on two trains near Clapham Junction .
Police boarded trains to hand out water and paramedics had to be on hand .
The shooting happened at the back of Herbs n Spice in South Shields .
The victim has been named locally as Tipu Sultan who ran the takeaway .
Thought that two men on a motorbike one driver and one shooter targeted the food shop .
eBay retailer said prices for Manny Pacquiao items have risen 10 times since the fight with Floyd Mayweather was confirmed in February .
Pacquiaoautographed boxing gloves have also risen 'at least 50 per cent'
Sales tripled at Team Pacquiao store owned by Manny in General Santos .
Pacquiao and Mayweather fight on May 2 in the richest bout in history .
Serena Williams defeated Sara Errani for the United States in the Fed Cup .
World No 1 was a set down before fighting back and winning the tie .
Heavy wind made it difficult for the players throughout the game .
The bombing is "an attack against the future of our country" Somalia's President says .
UNICEF says the staff members' vehicle was hit by an explosion on its way to their office .
Four wounded staff members are in serious condition the agency says .
Sportsmail revealed in August that Malky Mackay and Iain Moody were being investigated by FA over 'sexist racism and homophobic' texts .
Mackay became manager of Wigan Athletic in November 2014 .
Wigan are eight points from safety as they sit in the relegation zone .
The Championship club are on the verge of dropping into League One .
READ: Mackay sacked by Wigan after Derby defeat .
Manchester United have Robin van Persie back fit for Sunday .
The Holland striker has been missing since February 21 .
It is unlikely that Van Persie will make United's starting XI against City .
As United and City go headtohead we ask: just how Manc is the  derby?
CLICK HERE for the latest Manchester United news .
Treasurer Joe Hockey wants the 10% GST to apply to streaming services .
Netflix customers would pay 90c extra iTunes songs would cost 22c extra .
Hockey said the tax measure would raise billions in extra revenue .
But consumer advocate says techies will be able to avoid the tax .
Ten Australian war widows travelled to Gallipoli to attend this Saturday's Anzac centenary commemorations .
The group  who were much younger than their husbands  are guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service .
They will join more than 10000 Australians and New Zealanders at the ANZAC Commemorative site at Gallipoli .
Sulinh Lafontaine presented herself as a daredevil stunt driver who appeared in newly released blockbuster .
Said in interview on CNN iReport at Furious 7 premiere in Hollywood that she was the only female stuntwoman driving cars .
The production in fact employed seven or eight female stunt drivers but Lafontaine was not one of them .
She only appeared as extra on the set in a crowd of 1500 .
Inspired by the aesthetic of the Belle Epoque era the Jacques Garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .
A mix of Arabian and Napoleon III decor the Pigalle haunt harkens back to the city's pleasure houses of yesteryear .
Also available for guest use: a charming conservatory library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home .
This is compared to almost half a year ago according to Halifax research .
Also found that threequarters of UK renters fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house .
Clarkson was due to host satirical news show at the end of this month .
Would have been first BBC appearance since dismissal from Top Gear .
However producers today confirmed he has withdrawn from show .
Defense called five witnesses on Monday rested at 3pm .
First witness was doctor discussing how his codefendants were on PCP .
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence .
Closing statements expected on Tuesday before verdict .
Aaron Hernandez is pleading not guilty to shooting dead Odin Lloyd .
The mom saw her son on TV throwing rocks at police CNN affiliate reports .
Police praise her actions .
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday after a selection process that began on January 20 .
Experts say the jury selection in Centennial Coloradp was among the largest and most complicated in U.S. history .
Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a movie theater in Aurora .
His attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he  opened fire .
Among the 19 women and 5 men chosen are a schools employee a person with depression and a businesswoman who cares for her elderly parents .
Kathryn Beale 41 is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff .
She whizzes placentas into smoothies or grinds it into pills for mothers .
Mothers have reported powerful healing properties from eating the organ .
Includes increase in milk supply reduction in postnatal bleeding stabilising blood pressure and more energy to care for their babies .
Robot has been drawing crowds at Hong Kong electronics event this week .
It can recognise and respond to human facial expressions in natural way .
Known as Ham the head was designed by US firm Hanson Robotics .
Made using softbodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology .
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders 32 stole money from Insight Investments on the day after she started working there .
Used company money to pay for £10000 wedding and £5000 honeymoon .
But she was spared jail despite having previous fraud convictions .
Saunders stole £35000 from PwC and was jailed for six months in 2007 .
Flabbergasted Mario Draghi covers face as woman throws paper at him .
Protester bundled off by two bodyguards while third shields ECB boss .
She flashes Vforvictory sign as men carry her away by arms and legs .
ExFemen activist Josephine Witt 21 identified herself as demostrator .
Janek Zylinski the aristocratic son of Polish war hero slams Mr Farage .
Claimed he'd 'had enough' of Ukip leader's constant attacks on migrants .
He said they should 'meet with our swords and resolve this matter'
Mr Farage was forced to defend his migrant stance on a factory tour  today .
Insisted he would not expel EU migrants after meeting a Hungarian worker .
Winnie 19 was diagnosed with the rare condition when she was fouryearsold .
Condition causes a lack of melanin which forms white patches on the skin .
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya an Italian leader says .
At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean this year .
Triple killer Ronald Jebson died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago .
He killed three children but only admitted two of crimes 30 years later .
Prison authorities had respected final wish that his death would be secret .
Jebson 'didn't want people to have the satisfaction of knowing he's dead'
Family of his victims wept today and one said: 'He deserves to rot in hell'
Grimes Cottage is a heritagelisted 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms .
One of the oldest surviving homes in Sydney  the 185yearold house was built by whaling captain George Grimes .
Less than 10 minutes walk to the city's centre  the property boasts Sydney Harbour bridge views .
Only one of two freestanding properties in NSW Goverment's social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in area .
The 50 Argyle Place property is situated in the much sought after postcode of Millers Point .
Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown from AsapSCIENCE present theories .
Different personality traits can vary according to expectations of parents .
Beyoncé Hillary Clinton and J. K. Rowling are all oldest children .
Newcastle United have lost seven Premier League games in a row .
Fans protested against Mike Ashley during the latest loss against Swansea .
Ashley does not appear to be listening  he is not a football man .
His biggest weapon is ability to make money  club has £34m in the bank .
Relatives of Wayne Community College shooting victim say he was gay local media report .
The suspect had worked for the victim but was let go college president says .
The suspect Kenneth Morgan Stancil III was found sleeping on a Florida beach and arrested .
Lawrence Tynes contracted the deadly infection after surgery on his foot in 2013 and is now seeking an additional $15000 in damages .
Lawsuit was announced on Monday and claims the team disclosed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals .
It also claims necessary sterile techniques were not used and that therapy equipment and surfaces were left unclean .
A Cambridge University professor has written a book about sex statistics .
Sex by Numbers investigates what the real average penis size is .
Tracey Cox takes a look at the surprising findings .
The woman was later identified as Jacqueline Carr age 65 .
Still uncertain who owns the tree or was responsible for its upkeep .
Carr was the vehicle's only occupant .
Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our daily beauty regimes .
But a new generation of  wipes promises to retexturise and brighten skin .
Dr Nick Lowe and Lauren Libbert decided to put them to the test .
Nicholas Tooth 25 was playing for the Quirindi Lions in regional NSW .
On Saturday he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle .
He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition .
On Sunday Mr Tooth who had been living in Sydney died in hospital .
Clarkson University experts are probing the link between mould and ghosts .
They are carrying out their investigations in old buildings in New York .
Think spores in old 'haunted' buildings may affect people's brains .
Psychoactive effects of mould are unclear but cause cognitive impairment .
Liverpool's Mario Balotelli receives more abuse than any other player .
The Italian was on the end of 8000 messages with Danny Welbeck receiving 1600 in a study carried out by Kick It Out .
Antiracism campaigners found 134400 derogatory messages were made in just seven months on Facebook Twitter blogs and other social media .
Rio Ferdinand was fined for  including the word 'sket' in a tweet .
Bubba Watson pulled off an incredible baseball style trick shot in practice .
The 36yearold smashed the airborne ball straight down the middle .
Watson's form was poor at the Masters and Shenzen International .
King Goodwill Zwelithini allegedly compared foreigners to 'ants' and 'lice'
Back in 2012 the 67yearold told followers homosexuals were 'rotten'
But fatherof28's lavish lifestyle with his six wives is equally controversial .
Last year he declared himself bankrupt having spent £250000 on wedding .
Yet just last month he bought a Mercedes for each wife  plus a spare .
Adelaide Crows captain Taylor  Walker comforted team's crying mascot .
Satine Cahill 7 was supposed to lead AFL team out onto field on Sunday .
She became spooked by fireworks on the field and burst into tears .
Tex approached Satine and comforted her before holding her hand tightly .
They walked out into the stadium together to take on North Melbourne .
The University of Southern California students wanted to help housekeeper Fannie Randle purchase a new car .
USC senior and former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell called on her sorority sisters and alumni to raise the necessary funds .
Ms Randle has been driving around in an old ducttaped car .
Lewis Hamilton's fortune has spiralled by £20m to £88m in the past year .
Wayne Rooney is now second in the Sunday Times Sport Rich List .
The Manchester United captain's fortune is up £12m to £72m .
F1 driver Jenson Button is £1m behind Rooney in third place .
Daniel Ricciardo trained with martial artist in PR event ahead of Formula One Chinese Grand Prix .
Red Bull have struggled at the start of the 2015 Formula One season as Ferrari have taken fight to Mercedes .
Ricciardo finished sixth in Australian Grand Prix and 10th in Malaysian Grand Prix .
Raja the king cobra has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin .
The snake which is at Gosford's Australian Reptile Park weighs 8kg .
'He's about as thick as my legs' veteran handler Billy Collett said .
Its venom will be distributed between research institutes across Australia .
Bikram yoga involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F)
Typical sessions last 90 minutes and advocates say it improves mindfulness flexibility strength muscle tone and general fitness .
20 volunteers took part in a new study to monitor body temperatures .
Experts warn one man's temperature reached 40°C/105°F putting him at risk of heat exhaustion and heat stroke .
Chair was on first class deck when ship hit an iceberg in April 1912 .
MackayBennett crew members found it while clearing up the wreck .
Owned for last 15 years by English collector and will be auctioned on April 18 .
Justin Bieber is a good friend of Floyd Mayweather .
Bieber revealed in a video that he will walk Mayweather into his megafight .
Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in the $300million bout in Las Vegas .
Bieber has accompanied 'Money' Mayweather into the ring several times .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao news .
Red Ed wants councils to encourage building by hiking tax on unused land .
Sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased  by another developer .
Property analysts say it would take UK back to 'dark days of the Seventies'
Tory candidate said it's 'sort of policy you might expect from Soviet Russia'
Arsenal face Burnley in evening fixture at Turf Moor on Saturday .
Gunners are 2nd in the Premier League while hosts are in relegation zone .
Arsenal partner Europcar reveal playlist players will listen to on the bus .
Olivier Giroud picks Coldplay Danny Welbeck opts for Chase and Status .
Theo Walcott is an LL Cool J fan Nacho Monreal goes for David Guetta .
READ: Arsenal stars in good spirits  as they bid to win eighth straight game .
Naughty Boy has come under fire after posting Zayn Malik's music .
The hit producer has been blamed for him leaving One Direction .
But he is one of the biggest hit makers in the world .
He has previously worked with the likes of Cheryl Cole and Leona Lewis .
The 30yearold launched his career after going on Deal Or No Deal .
He won £44000 in 2005 on the TV show hosted by Noel Edmonds .
Bernie Ecclestone has urged Lewis Hamilton to consider a move to Ferrari .
The 30yearold has yet to put pen to paper on new contract with Mercedes .
The Brit will seek to to extend his 13point lead at the Bahrain Grand Prix .
Fossils found in Cave of Llenes in Catalonia Spain suggests Neanderthals lived  alongside other predators like badgers bears wolves and leopards .
Large quantities of stone tools were found in 'camps' at the cave entrance .
Bones of sheep deer and rhino that Neanderthal's hunted were also found .
Several carnivores used the cave as a den at the time 200000 years ago .
Lihi Yona filmed the black lab at a public play area in Brooklyn New York over the weekend .
After almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around .
Ed Miliband will announce that he has ‘clear credible plan' on immigration .
But Yvette Cooper refused to say Labour would put target on net migration .
Shadow home secretary only said she wanted it lower than current 300000 .
During Labour’s 13 years in power foreignborn population rose by 3.6m .
Craze has taken off thanks to owners posting pictures on social media .
Initial idea was to give the pets a more eyegrabbing and cleancut look .
One dog salon worker in Taipei has insisted that 'the dogs don't mind'
There are three 72 cofavourites for the Grade One Celebration Chase .
AP McCoy's mount Mr Mole is bracketed with Special Tiara and Sprinter Sacre for Saturday's race .
It will be AP McCoy's last ride in a Grade One race .
A new Reddit thread has garnered 18000 submissions of terrible names .
I'munique Boy Boy and Abstinence were all standouts .
The most popular UK baby names are currently Sophia and Muhammad .
Jaime Hessel claimed her driver cut across lanes and drove in a bus lane .
The terrified passenger ended up getting out early as she felt 'unsafe'
Then found she'd been charged thousands for the 35minute 7mile trip .
Uber says the bill was a clerical error and claims Hessel was never actually charged the eyepopping sum .
A young man has died after he was stabbed during a violent brawl .
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at a Central Coast hotel on Sunday night .
The 28yearold was stabbed and killed outside a pizza store on Monday .
His 25yearold friend was also attacked when he tried to help Mr Gibbins .
He remains in a serious condition and is expected to undergo surgery .
The offender fled the scene and police haven't found a weapon .
Investigations are continuing and police are appealing for any witnesses .
Boston Police Officer John Moynihan is released from the hospital .
Video shows that the man later shot dead by police in Boston opened fire first .
Moynihan was shot in the face during a traffic stop .
Businessman Kim Davies bought Llanwenarth House in Monmouthshire in 2006 and spent £1million on renovations .
He installed a whirlbooth bath with shiny tiles put up gaudy chandeliers and ripped out antique timber windows .
Davies has now pleaded guilty to breaking planning laws by altering the historic Grade IIlisted home .
Poet Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful while staying at the house in 1848 .
Matthew Weathers tricked his class at Biola University in California .
Pretends to be embarrassed by help video recorded back to front .
Suddenly begins arguing with his virtual self on the video screen .
A virtual fight ensues before rogue teacher steals the ID of real one .
Rick Santorum says "religious freedom" debate is about government telling people what to do .
Santorum a likely 2016 GOP presidential candidate weighs in on Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's decision .
Amber Alert issued after toddler and his mother were abducted from home .
Pair driven to another house where mother was tied to cupboard in garage .
Mother ran from garage screaming 'they attacked me' after untying herself .
Toddler Ronnie Tran reunited with parents but grandmother is still at large .
Thibaut Courtois hopes Chelsea can keep Marouane Fellaini quiet .
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .
Fellaini has been in impressive form for United in recent weeks .
Blues goalkeeper knows he will have to collect more crosses than usual .
Jonathan Pitre has deep blistering wounds all over his body that won't heal .
His condition Epidermolysis Bullosa has a life expectancy of 25 years .
Every day screams in pain as his mother bathes and bandages him .
He loved sports but can't play any more now trying out sportscasting .
For more about Jonathan and his condition visit the website of charity Debra .
Lewis Hamilton attended Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday seven years ago .
30yearold wanted to say hello to Hollywood actor Will Smith .
F1 World Champion is a big fan of former show The Fresh Prince of BelAir .
Richie Benaud passed away at the age of 84 on Friday .
He was as well known for his commentary as his cricket .
Benaud never lost a series while he was Australia captain .
Leading figures from the sport were quick to pay tribute .
Ollie the Owl was stolen from lounge area of the Admiral Rodney pub .
Landlord  Richard Stevenson received 'ransom letter' instructing money to be donated to charity .
Wooden statue has visited Belfast Benidorm and Tunisia in last month .
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 62 46 75 in the Charleston final .
Kerber battled back to win six of the last seven games in the decider .
It is the German's first WTA title since Linz in 2013 .
Jake Castner is wanted over burglary and theftrelated offences .
He is boasting about how the police 'can't catch' him on Facebook .
He also appears to offer to sell drugs and a locked iPhone 4 .
The 19yearold was called a nightmare by a magistrate last year .
Police are appealing for help to find the teen from Ballarat Victoria .
John Carver believes Newcastle must sort out offthefield problems .
Newcastle fans have been encouraged to protest against Mike Ashley .
Supporters will 'Stand Up To Ashley' during match against Swansea .
Liam Plunkett enjoyed a return to the England Test fold  last year .
He wants to continue his resurgence against the West Indies .
He has recovered from an ankle injury that hampered his preseason .
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts .
Jones said he was listening to music before the fight on Friday and put his phone in his shorts but forgot to take it out .
He believes the mishap cost him the fight .
Kurt Ludwigsen fired by Nyack College in March after allegations surfaced .
Police say he kissed fondled and was inappropriate towards 13 players .
Ludwigsen charged with forcible touching harassment and sexual abuse .
The 43yearold father of two is being held on $15000 bail after arrest .
Would have been coach's first season at Nyack a Christian school in NY .
Ludwigsen a career softball coach lives in Ridgewood New Jersey .
Liverpool host Newcastle in the Premier League on Monday evening .
19yearold Jordon Ibe has returned to the squad after six weeks out .
Ibe has impressed manager Brendan Rodgers in training .
Paul McCartney honors Ringo Starr at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony .
Green Day Lou Reed Joan Jett & the Blackhearts also honored .
More than £12700 spent in overtime payments to officers during search .
Money also spent on accommodation flights and parking .
Followed parents' decision to take him from Southampton General .
He went on to have successful proton therapy treatment abroad .
Daniel Williams’ video shows a every aspect of a day in the life of an office worker .
The 90 second clip has been viewed three million times on YouTube .
GoPros are often used by adrenaline junkies to capture onceinalifetime experiences .
Alfonso Thomas to coach in Indian Premier League this month .
Veteran Somerset bowler has agreed a deal with the Delhi Daredevils .
2015 edition of Indian Premier League to begin on April 8 .
Torin Lakeman 19 died in December last year with brother Jacques 20 .
Torin had bought ecstasy via dark web in order to 'have a good weekend'
But pair took massive overdose and were found dead in pub in Manchester .
Today coroner said he was 'frightened' by use of dark web to buy drugs .
Martina Navratilova could not commit '100 per cent to the project'
The pair only started working together in December last year .
Agnieszka Radwanska is struggling for consistency this season .
The Pole slumped to an early defeat in Stuttgart this week .
Tugce Taskin 26 was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway .
Friend Adem Kilic 31 is fighting for his life after  crash in Istanbul Turkey .
Witnesses say the Lamborghini  hit another car and then burst into flames .
Driver of the second vehicle is also being treated for injuries in hospital .
Future donations will only be allowed from the governments of Australia Canada Germany the Netherlands Norway and the United Kingdom .
The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton hits the presidential campaign trail .
Hillary Clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week .
The foundation's reliance on funding from several  governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism .
Chloe the wombat has lived at Sydney's Taronga Zoo since June 2014 .
She was rescued after her mother was killed by a car .
She was recently moved into new digs with a couple of echidnas .
When she's not napping she follows zoo keeper Evelyn Weston around .
Aston Villa take on Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday KO at 3pm .
The match is Tim Sherwood's first game back at Spurs after being sacked .
Sherwood is thankful for the opportunity he was given by Daniel Levy .
Villa boss says Mauricio Pochettino deserves credit for playing young stars .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .
Iranian President says a nuclear deal would remove a major obstacle for business .
"We can cooperate with the world" President Hassan Rouhani insists .
He says "We do not lie" and Iran will abide by its promises on nuclear deal .
Harry Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season (21 years and 251 days)
Tottenham Hotspur could not steal the win at Turf Moor against relegationthreatened Burnley .
Mauricio Pochettino's side failed to take advantage of Liverpool's loss in the race for the top four .
Tottenham are now seven points adrift of Manchester City in fourth but have played a game more .
Ahead of an anticipated runin this weekend in at the seventh Summit of the Americas the two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday .
The two nations' top diplomats held talks at a Panama City hotel on Thursday night the first meeting of its kind in as many years .
White House had said a private meeting was not on the books but they could have an unscripted 'interaction' on the sidelines of the event .
Adviser to Obama said Friday: 'We don't have a formal meeting scheduled at a certain time but we anticipate they will have a discussion tomorrow'
U.S. State Department has now recommended that Cuba betaken off the list of countries that sponsor terrorism  Obama is likely to approve .
Hannah and Alex needed a place to live after they moved back to New Zealand from the UK in 2009 .
So they purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed truck and started building a home on the back of it over the course of about a year and a half .
They then purchased a secluded piece of property and drove their nearly selfsufficient $25000 home there .
Victoria Beckham was at the London marathon to cheer on her son Romeo .
The star wore a pair of Alaïa Boots which retail at approximately £1500 .
She was joined by husband David and sons Brooklyn and Cruz .
Double victory for Oxford as both men and women's teams won races .
Women competed on same course as men and on same day for first time .
Up to 300000 expected to line the banks of the Thames for historic race .
Oxford men's rowing team claimed their fourth win in five years .
David Potchen 53 robbed bank and sat on curb waiting for police in June .
He had served 12 and a half years starting in 2000 before parole .
Potchen lost job and housing before spending night in the woods .
Judge gave him conversion charge and will drop recent robbery charge if he stays out of trouble for a year .
He is employed as welder and estranged cousins are taking care of him .
Widow of slain Bell Gardens mayor Lyvette Crespo pleaded not guilty and was ordered held on $150000 bond .
The 43yearold told authorities it was in selfdefense after her husband punched their teenage son when he tried to intervene in the fight .
Her former brotherinlaw claims that allegations of years of abuse are all a lie and says he has text messages proving the slaying was in cold blood .
Crespo faces up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .
Sally White 28 rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside .
'Miller' was malnourished had severe anaemia and struggled to stand up .
She trained the sixyearold horse in the arts of dressage and she now competes with him in the British championships .
Says: 'Miller and I are a team  I needed him with me on my big day.
Bill Richardson: U.S  announced plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025 .
He says China India major corporations cities among those already setting goals for cutting emissions. U.S. must lead in this effort .
'Electronic hacking' could have caused the air disaster aviation boss says .
Germanwings tragedy has been widely blamed on copilot Andreas Lubitz .
But Matt Andersson says investigators have yet to come to a final conclusion .
Says passenger planes do not have same level of protection as military jets .
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc discovers ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico .
His discoveries could help explain why so many Mayan cities were abandoned before the arrival of the Spaniards .
Jan Oblak kept a clean sheet as Atletico drew 00 with rivals Real Madrid .
Carlo Ancelotti admitted that Oblak 'did a great job' to keep his side out .
Diego Simeone was also impressed with his goalkeeper's performance .
Simeone refuses to blame Sergio Ramos for clash with Mario Mandzukic .
Second leg of their Champions League quarterfinal takes place next week .
Football Association have created a panel made up of concussion experts .
The eight medical professionals will meet in May to discuss future plans .
Game has been criticised for not dealing with head injuries properly .
Luke Rockhold submitted Lyoto Machida in the second round .
He now wants the winner of Chris Weidman vs Vitor Belfort next month .
Rockhold won by rear naked choke in a onesided fight .
Jacare Souza beat late replacement Chris Camozzi in the first round .
Kate Upton 22 is considered to have one of the best figures in the world .
Supermodel keeps herself trim on a very strict diet and exercise regime .
She avoids alcohol only eats certain fruits and has five smalls meals a day .
Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh beat Super League side Salford .
Centurions twice come from behind to beat Red Devils in Challenge Cup .
YouTube videos show fourmonthold Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air .
He apparently started performing the 'circus act' when he was a month old .
But now  more than a year on  it appears he could be getting a little too heavy for his father to lift in the palm of his hand .
Pilot program allows students at one of Sydney's most prestigious schools to bypass the Higher School Certificate and attend Sydney University .
Successful completion of the 17week guarantees Scot's College students a place in a number of undergraduate courses including law .
State Education Minister Adrian Piccoli has called this shortcut 'unfair'
Tuition sporting and curriculumrelated fees at the college reportedly topped $30000 per year in 2013 .
Opposition Minister Luke Foley concerned this will impact success of HSC .
'Education should be open to all not just those who can afford it' National Union of Students spokeswoman tells Daily Mail Australia .
A definitive family tree of Hillary Clinton reveals her Welsh ancestors .
They lived in a poor mining district called Ystradyfodwg now Rhondda .
Family emigrated to Pennsylvania where Mrs Clinton's grandmother Hannah Jones was born  one of four children out of 14 born to survive .
Hannah Jones then eloped with Hugh Rodham  Mrs Clinton's grandfather  to marry because his family probably disproved of her poor background .
Tory MP Ken Clarke claims the party has become 'much too rightwing'
He bemoaned its recent electoral performances and criticised its strategy .
The longserving MP warned against offering 'blank cheques' to the NHS .
He has served under Margaret Thatcher John Major and David Cameron .
Marlon Samuels on 94 not out at stumps after being dropped on 32 on day one of the second Test .
Ben Stokes was admonished by the umpire Steve Davis after a heated exchange with Samuels in Grenada .
Chris Jordan took two wickets while James Anderson Stokes and Stuart Broad all claimed one each .
Replays showed opener Devon Smith clearly missed the ball when he was dismissed by Jordan .
Captain Denesh Ramdin and Samuels will resume on day two at National Cricket Stadium in St George's .
Singer has twice the fortune of nearest rivals boys from One Direction .
Ed Sheeran saw biggest rise of £13million taking him to seventh place .
Sam Smith is new entry with £12million on a par with Florence Welch .
Paul McCartney and wife Nancy Shevell still top the adult rich list .
Brendan Rodgers is under pressure following FA Cup semifinal defeat .
But the Liverpool boss says he will bounce back despite the criticism .
Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group maintain Rodgers won't be sacked .
Jordan Henderson hopes Raheem Sterling commits his future to the Reds .
Sir Ranulph Fiennes is the oldest Briton to complete Marathon des Sables .
Veteran explorer 71 said the 256km race isn't set for old geriatrics like me'
He has raised almost £1million for Marie Curie by completing sixday event .
Princess 25 looked chic in a white and gold dress .
Mingled with Kelly Brook and Dakota Fanning at the dinner .
Cousin of Princes William and Harry is working at auction house in city .
The government will announce radical immunisation reforms on Sunday .
They will cut benefits from parents who don't immunise their children .
These include Family Tax Benefit A as well as childcare assistance .
Scott Morrison said rules around welfare payments need to be 'tightened'
He said immunisation should be a prerequisite to access tax payer money .
David Norris pounced as his wife was about to lay flowers on a grave .
She begged him to think of their children but he stabbed her repeatedly .
Norris 51 only stopped when his estranged wife 'played dead'
He was jailed for 20 years after being found guilty of attempted murder .
Crowds cheered as Pema Lama was pulled dazed and dusty from rubble .
Placed on stretcher with an IV drip in his arm and a brace around his neck .
Comes as mother is reunited with baby rescued after 22 hours in rubble .
Medic said teenager became 'pancaked' between two floors when quake hit .
Another survivor rescued after 82 hours has had one of his legs amputated .
Ben Crenshaw will replace Arnold Palmer for the parthree contest .
Palmer is recovering from dislocated shoulder but will be honorary starter .
Crenshaw joins Gary Player and Jack Nicklaus for the event opener .
Aljaz Bedene lost 61 64 to Jiri Vesely at the Grand Prix Hassan II .
The world No 99 switched allegiance from Slovenia to Great Britain .
Second seed Martin Klizan saw off Nicolas Almagro 64 76 .
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation at fiveyearsold .
Eightyearold's work rate is relentless in the 40second long video .
Shows no sign of tiring as she unleashes combination punches .
Toya Graham a single motherofsix said she 'just lost it' when she saw her 16yearold son Michael at Monday's riots carrying a rock .
She said of her son: 'We made eye contact. I was saying ''how dare you do this?'''
She traveled to New York for interviews on Wednesday after being applauded by moms across the US and the Baltimore police chief .
Her pastor called her 'Mom of the century' on Wednesday for her actions .
Dashcam footage captures 36 screaming 7th graders on board .
Dodge Durango can be seen hitting another SUV then hurtling toward bus .
Police said the driver a 44yearold man has a history of seizures .
Five pupils were hospitalized 11 treated at the scene on Monday at 8am .
SUV driver is in serious condition in hospital .
Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations .
Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours with genetic defects   and they responded well to olaparib .
Drug prolongs time a sufferer can live without disease getting worse .
William Bird 41 captured footage as jets approached RAF Lossiemouth .
Stood underneath £126million aircraft with sevenyearold stepson Alex .
Video camera knocked sideways as second jet disappeared from view .
He says clip taken on Tuesday was 'as close to action as you could get'
Saudi military official accuses Iran of training and arming rebels .
Yemeni officials say school hit by airstrikes one source says three students killed .
Noncombatants are caught up in Yemen's fighting .
A family brunch with Tori Spelling Dean McDermott and their four kids turned into a disaster .
Tori's heel caught as she was walking out of Benihana restaurant in Encino and she fell backward onto a hot hibachi .
She was later taken to the Grossman Burn Center at West Hill Hospital .
Doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she didn't act right away .
"There is still smoke on and off" says resident with distant view .
The volcano erupts for third time since April 22 .
About 1500 people are evacuated an official says according to CNN Chile .
Dating website Skout's survey reveals cheese lovers more active in bed .
The most popular cheese  is American followed by cheddar and mozzarella .
Those who like their cheese sarnies grilled are also more charitable .
Sir Philip Green and Benedict Cumberbatch also enjoy home cinemas .
Costs less than £10000 to install the technology according to experts .
David Lammy said the SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with'
Admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings over threat of SNP .
Polls suggest the party is on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7 .
John Major will today warn that Britain faces a 'daily dose of blackmail'
Stuart Dallas 23 was playing for Crusaders just three years ago .
After a tough start to life at Brentford he was loaned out to Northampton .
Since returning to Brentford he has become a star in promotion push .
Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill that would give Congress a say on a nuclear pact with Iran .
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said today he will bring the bill to the floor if the full Senate approves it .
Administration officials as high up  as the president last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers during their spring break .
The executive branch wants them to support the pact and at the very least not to meddle in foreign affairs .
White House today said administration officials would hold classified briefings with Members of Congress .
At the White House Obama today met with Jewish leaders and donors in a separate attempt to woo their support for the accord .
Conservative leader promises to help create 2million new jobs by 2020 .
Warns they must be outside London and the South East to prevent a crash .
Tim Sherwood worked with Massimo Luongo at Tottenham Hotspur .
Luongo has played a pivotal role in Swindon's playoff bid in League One .
Australian international  was player of the tournament during Asian Cup .
Randy Johnston 68 from Dallas Texas decided to leave two 'fake feces' on his granddaughters' beds .
His son then went about filming the moment of discovery .
But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous with Randy's sixyearold granddaughter Porter  crying in horror .
Randy an attorney told Daily Mail Online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day .
U.S. President implied that China was bullying its neighbouring countries .
America criticised China for building artificial islands in South China Sea .
Chinese leadership claim Washington wields the greatest 'military muscle'
Nearby countries say China could use the land mass for military purposes .
Residents at Hebrew Care Home in New York are woken by video recordings from loved ones to help ease their confusion and agitation .
Idea was inspired by the 2004 film 50 First Dates starring Adam Sandler .
Experiment will be evaluated next month but results are 'very positive'
Faiz Ikramulla 35 was charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping .
He allegedly dumped daughter Aliya 3 in a trash can in a forest in Prospect Heights Illinois .
His wife had just reported the girl missing when she was found .
Passerby found her wandering the streets crying and waving her hands .
Authorities say Ilkramulla was trying to hide her .
He was arrested in Van Buren County Michigan .
Manuela Arbelaez handed The Price Is Right contestant Andrea a $21960 Hyundai Sonata SE for free on Thursday's show .
The absentminded model revealed the correct price of the car too early .
Host Drew Carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant 'Congratulations! Manuela just gave you a car! The game is over folks'
Mary Doyle Keefe died in Simsbury Connecticut aged 92 .
She was 'Rosie the Riveter' the wartime poster girl who inspired millions .
Artist made petite Mary's muscles bigger to make her symbol of strength .
Became a symbol for  feminism for the wartime women who stayed home .
Photographs taken in Micheldever Woods Hampshire show flowers in full bloom after unseasonably warm week .
But fine and dry weather seen by much of the country is set to be replaced by widespread showers this weekend .
There is a chance of hail and thunderstorms in the south and wintry showers on higher ground in northern Scotland .
Xabi Alonso has been in fine form for Bayern Munich .
Robert Lewandowski ensured Bayern beat  Dortmund on Saturday .
Pep Guardiola's side are top of the Bundesliga by 10 points .
Sergeant Edwin Mee 46 is accused of raping and molesting 11 hopefuls .
Army recruiter is said to have abused power while interviewing applicants .
Court heard Mee abused young women to make his job more 'exciting'
Sergeant denied 17 counts of sexual assault and three counts of rape .
Shell casings glass and blood stains litter dorm at Garissa University College .
At least 147 died in Thursday attack at the Kenyan college .
Photographer Andres Figueroa spent a week in one of the driest places on Earth .
He took portraits of Chileans who dress up in costume for popular religious festivals .
Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency abolished paper tax disc last autumn .
Car tax now automatically cancelled whenever vehicle changes ownership .
Official figures show use of clamping soared from about 5000 vehicles a month before the changes to well over 8000 now .
Critics say many targeted are innocent drivers unaware of rule change .
Search area for missing flight MH370 doubled by government officials .
Extended search area means hunt for plane could run for another year .
Comes after Maldives locals said they saw a lowflying jet on day of crash .
Island sighting more than 5000 kilometres away from the thensearch area .
Leaj Jarvis Price 24 ran into a doctor's office in Jemison Al on Monday .
She screamed 'call the police' prompting doctors to run out to help her .
Seconds later she was allegedly shot dead by husband Eric Price 25 .
Price then staged standoff with police at their home and 'shot himself'
Taken to hospital in unknown condition has been charged with murder .
Court records show pair had been locked in custody battle over their son .
Miranda has one year left on his contract with Atletico Madrid .
Atletico Madrid are reportedly keen to cash in this summer .
Chelsea and Atletico held talks over Miranda last summer .
Lawyers for Dave Lee Travis say he was 'financially devastated' by trials .
Former presenter 69 will be given more than £4000 to pay for taxi fares .
Travis was also awarded £630 to pay for hotel costs while he was on trial .
He was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes of the Mrs Merton Show and was handed a suspended sentence last year .
Ohio court hears that Ryan Poston was supposed to meet Audrey Bolte the night he was shot dead .
Shayna Hubers shot dead lawyer Ryan Poston in 2012 .
She claims it was in selfdefense but the prosecution claims it was murder .
Hubers then 21 told police she shot Poston in the face and then fired again to put him out of his misery .
Senior Australian Islamic State commander stars in new propaganda clip .
Calls for attacks on Australia as revenge for Muslim strikes .
'You must start attacking before they attack you'
Propagandist AlCambodi has been linked to Anzac Day terror plot .
'When are you going to rise up and attack them?'
Singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .
Whitney Houston nailed it Roseanne Barr destroyed it .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 21 at Selhurst Park on Monday .
South London side are  11th in Premier League table and look to be safe .
Alan Pardew left Newcastle in 10th place when he departed in December .
John Carver's side have only picked up nine points since .
'Team Pardew' would be eighth in the table five points behind Southampton .
Eva Kor 81 embraced former Auschwitz guard Oskar Groening 93 .
The former SS man is on trial for war crimes for his two years at the camp .
Kor described to court how she and her twin sister were experimented on .
She suffered at the hands of Dr Josef Mengele at the Nazi death camp .
Nicola Horlick 54 raised six children while working in the City .
She wants daughters Alice 26 Serena 24 and Antonia 18 to go through motherhood earlier .
Fund manager says she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38 .
Adds 'ambitious and intelligent' women shouldn't be stayathome mothers .
Gypsy Secretariat Foundation  complained over the definition of 'gypsy'
Spanish dictionary has one of the definitions for the word as a 'swindler'
Group has delivered protest letters to Spain's Royal Language Academy .
Concerns growing for people trapped higher up the mountain .
Helicopters begin airlifting injured people from the base camp in Nepal .
Climber reports at least 17 dead many others injured missing or stuck .
Lauren Hill's coach says she was "an unselfish angel"
After playing for her college Lauren Hill helped raise money for cancer research .
NCAA president says she "achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy"
Toby Alderweireld has impressed during seasonlong loan at Southampton .
Ronald Koeman's side are challenging for Champions League places .
But Atletico Madrid says they are counting on Alderweireld for next season .
Sporting director Jose Luis Perez Caminero praises Belgian defender .
Mila Kunis' 'childhood friend from Ukraine' is suing her for $5000 .
Kristina Karo claims Kunis 'stole her pet chicken' as children .
Karo now in LA claims she has been traumatised by the event .
She is suing actress for emotional distress and therapy bills .
AndrePierre Gignac puts Marseille ahead on halfhour with powerful backpost header from Dimitri Payet cross .
Blaise Matuidi equalises five minutes later with a stunning strike from the edge of the box .
Gignac capitalises on terrible PSG defending to restore Marseille's lead before half time .
Marquinhos brings PSG level again before Jeremy Morel own goal puts champions ahead moments later .
At 13 Laura Scurr went on a diet which would turn into a scary obsession .
Laura developed anorexia and would survive on  one piece of fruit a day .
Now 15 she has overcome the disorder and is battling back .
Laura has spoken of the pressures on young girls to be a size zero .
Joko Widodo's chief political rival promised to support clemency .
Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders were reprieved .
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were killed on Wednesday morning .
Former model Jennifer Sky 38 claims that models are being asked to stuff their underwear with sandbags so they can clock in at a 'healthy' weight .
The activist says she is against France's new law which bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low .
Bayern Munich had only 14 fit players for Friday's training session .
Mehdi Benatia Arjen Robben Franck Ribery Bastian Schweinsteiger David Alaba and Javi Martinez all ruled out .
Bundesliga champions face Eintracht Frankfurt ahead of Champions League clash with Porto .
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis Tennessee on Monday .
They began to yell and throw up gang signs and then attacked a man  Orrden Williams Jr.
Williams ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack and his baby was also almost hit by the teens .
Police are investigating and have made one arrest in the case 19yearold Joe Brittman .
The game was available to download as an app from Amazon and android .
Its designers sold it as 'an amusing game' to help people with anorexia .
Failure to feed the girl results in the character losing weight and dying .
Social media users claim the game stigmatises people with problems .
Fans dressed up with Apple Watch hats as they queued .
Apple's Tim Cook told buyers at a Palo Alto store  sales were 'great'
Kerry Hamilton had very rare cancer called leiomyosarcoma in her cervix .
Had been told her symptoms were due to hormone problems .
Was forced to undergo a hysterectomy but managed to freeze some eggs .
Now wants others to be aware of 'everyday' symptoms and get checked out .
The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago made up of 4000 tents and counting .
The vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar and fled an ISIS assault .
But Ahlam her children and their grandparents were taken captive .
PM has written to First Great Western asking for 'urgent review' of fare hike .
Passengers in his Witney constituency could face increases of up to 87% .
Comes after Mr Cameron pledged to freeze fares for whole of next term .
Other sharp hikes include Virgin's service between Stafford and Liverpool .
The blackeyed bandit was found stuck 30fthigh on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday .
After a few hours animal control officers were able to coax him down .
More than 200 seals were legally killed off the Scottish coast last year .
Fishermen and farmers insist the animals are destroying salmon stocks .
But campaigners have called for a more humane method of keeping seal away from farmed fish .
Activists say consumers should put pressure on supermarkets and fishmongers when they are buying Scottish salmon .
Brent Council told veteran Robert Clark they were unable to afford his care .
Added he would have to move from his own home and into a care home .
Mr Clark had already used most of his life savings paying for a livein carer .
An appeal has raised £10000 in four days to help him stay in his own home .
Boko Haram accused of war crimes by U.N. human rights chief .
Militants in Nigeria accused of murdering 'wives' during retreat .
Reports also say they have used children as 'expendable cannon fodder'
The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy .
It could fine Google more than £4 billion  10 per cent of its annual revenue .
Brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .
Google boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market .
Iker Casillas consoled a young fan who was struck during La Liga match .
The Real Madrid supporter was handed Casillas' shirt during the interval .
Real Madrid hit nine past Granada at the Santiago Bernabeu .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao came close to a fight in 2010 .
The pair will finally meet in at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .
Trainer Freddie Roach believes Mayweather is slower than he used to be .
Pacquiao will attack Mayweather and knock him out according to Roach .
WATCH HERE: Mayweather vs Pacquiao official advert released .
Amir Khan: Mayweather and Pacquiao haven't even heard of Kell Brook .
CLICK HERE for the latest Mayweather vs Pacquiao news .
Also in danger are over 400 public venues and dependent care facilities .
Study estimates 77% of communities have the 1525 minutes required to evacuate safely after an earthquake hits .
Some communities in Washington the most atrisk state could increase chance of survival simply by walking faster .
But certain communities along the coast are too far from high ground for a safe evacuation  no matter how fast they walk .
They will need to build special evacuation structures instead .
Matilda Fitt now 21 months old played baby Julia Poldark in BBC show .
The reallife infant was born nine weeks early and battled pneumonia .
Matilda was chosen to play Julia because of her small size .
Unlike her character who died of putrid throat Matilda is now doing well .
Football Association and Premier League fall out over clash .
BBC and Sky viewing figures both suffered with games on at same time .
Luke Shaw might have been helped by Louis van Gaal's fastfood rules .
Joe Root's celebrations come in for criticism while Alastair Cook is still worrying about Kevin Pietersen's media coverage .
Betty Johnson 86 of Missouri has been a Chiefs ticket holder since 1986 .
She even lost her North Kansas City home to pay for Chiefs season tickets .
After breaking her hip in February her health had been deteriorating .
Granddaughter Autumn Barricks tweeted to team in bid to answer wish .
Kansas City Chiefs sent Hall of Famer Nick Lowery on Thursday and the greatgreat grandmother passed away shortly after family said .
Chancellor said show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain and British talent'
He confessed to having a crush on its female lead character Demelza .
Vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions which have encouraged the makers of Poldark and other series to choose the UK .
The crumbling St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya Bulgaria .
Named after the patron saint of Bulgaria the stone structure cuts a ghostly figure in the Zhrebchevo reservoir .
The settlement and two other villages were wiped out when the land was submerged in 1965 .
Diego de Girolamo's Sheffield United deal expires at the end of the season .
Portuguese club Benfica have asked about the Italy Under 20 forward .
De Girolamo is currently on loan at League Two club Northampton .
Dani Alves Neymar and Adriano celebrated their victory over Celta Vigo .
The flamboyant Brazilian's all wore matching double denim outfits .
Jeremy Mathieu says Barcelona were poor throughout the game .
The Frenchman praised his defensive partner Gerard Pique for his display .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica Los Angeles before he loses balance and falls headfirst .
As his friends go to investigate blood is seen pouring from his face .
The Queen recorded their favourite childhood songs in August 1990 .
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace for the taping .
He said The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded each song in one take .
Unfortunately the unique tape was lost after the Queen Mother's death .
Epic struggle between lioness and giraffe in Zimbabwe caught on camera .
The lioness was pictured battling the animal in Hwange National Park .
Predator was very lucky to survive as a kick from a giraffe can be lethal .
Listeria concerns have led to thousands of Classic Hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall Sabra Dipping Co. said Monday .
Recalls started after random sample taken by food inspectors in Michigan tested positive for listeria on March 30 .
Sabra Dipping Co. said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores .
For questions about the recall call Sabra 9am to 5pm Monday through Friday at: 8889572272 .
Figures from the Catholic Church show more and more becoming nuns .
The number of women taking Holy Vows stood at just seven back in 2004 .
But that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .
One father said a 'gap in the market for meaning' led people toward religion .
LZ Granderson: People keep looking for new reasons to validate apathy and explain away racism .
But what happened in Baltimore didn't come up overnight artist Jacob Lawrence depicted the same story in 1940s .
Man with bandages covering head robbed bank in New Milton Hampshire .
Threatened staff before making off with a 'significant' amount of money .
Police have arrested a man 56 from the town on suspicion of robbery .
Mr Shatner revealed his radical proposal in an interview with Yahoo News .
He wants to build a 4ftwide pipeline from Seattle down to California .
This would bring water to help alleviate some of the drought problems .
But some experts have called his $30 billion idea 'highly illogical'
More than 1700 students were spotted taking an exam in an openair playground at a Chinese high school .
Grade One pupils at school in Yichuan Shaanxi province could not all fit inside the building to take exam .
Yichuan Senior High School officials said sitting exam outside would test the students' organizing capacity .
Previously the U.S. did not disclose whether a stopped traveler was on the list or why .
But facing legal pressure from the ACLU the Obama administration has enacted a new policy to let Americans know if they are on the list .
Grounded Americans are also now allowed to inquire about how they got on the list .
However the government has not promised to reveal why in all cases  citing possible national security threats .
Last fall there were about 64000 people on the nofly list and Americans made up approximately 5 per cent .
Dana Perino and Bush were visiting families at the Walter Reed military hospital in Washington D.C. in 2005 .
Perino said one mother of a soldier from the Carribean was devastated .
'She yelled at the president wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in the hospital bed' Perino wrote .
Perino said Bush 'needed to hear the anguish' and later said he didn't 'blame the woman one bit' for being mad at him .
Perino shared the story in her new book And The Good News Is: Lessons And Advice From The Bright Side .
Sunderland beat a lacklustre Newcastle 10 in TyneWear derby .
Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite suspected calf injury .
The Holland fullback admitted performance wasn't up to standard .
Black Cats have not taken 17 of last 21 point available in derby games .
Accused of leaking a document revealing Party's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy .
Amnesty: Her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach President Xi Jinping's team has taken on dissent .
Gao was arrested in April last year ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown .
Lee Garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with Hollywood star Rock Hudson .
Garlington and Hudson dated from 1962 until 1965 and Hudson called him his 'one true love'
Garlington says he would sneak over to the star's house after work and leave first thing in the morning .
He also says the two would each bring a date when they went out to avoid being outed .
Hudson died in 1985 of AIDs .
Isco unhappy with his role at Real Madrid .
The Spanish midfielder moved to the Bernabeu in 2013 .
Isco had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City .
The 23yearold worked with City boss Manuel Pellegrini at Malaga .
CLICK HERE to see who Real Madrid will face in the Champions League .
Gang of at least three poured gasoline on a car at South LA gas station .
Before the fire was started the gang attempted to rob the driver of his car .
Two people were inside white Dodge Charger when it went up in flames .
No one was hurt and LA Fire Department is investigating crime as arson .
Jordan Meikle stretches his muscles by barriers near Canary Wharf .
He lunges onto his knee and presents a ring from behind his back .
Girlfriend Kayleigh Harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture .
After sealing the deal the 23yearold carries on with the marathon .
Video was uploaded to Facebook and has been viewed 25000 times .
Jodie Taylor fired England into the lead in the opening minute .
Reading striker Fran Kirby doubled England's advantage .
Wang Shanshan pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute .
Richard Hutchinson attacked former friend in betting shop in money row .
He landed a single punch to victim's face causing brain bleed and fracture .
His victim spent 16 days in intensive care and a further 11 days in hospital .
Hutchinson 40 admitted grievous bodily harm and jailed for two years .
Dave King is bidding to become the new chairman of Rangers .
He must convince the SFA that he is up to the job .
King ousted the previous directors from Ibrox last month .
The 60yearold businessman will face questions over his 41 South African tax law convictions and previous Ibrox involvement .
Ahmed Farouq was a leader in al Qaeda's India branch .
He was killed in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January .
Like Adam Gadahn Farouq was American and part of al Qaeda .
Metal bars have been fitted to close off balconies facing central court at Hengshui No 2 Middle School .
Two students have plunged to death on campus since last October .
The school is wellknown for its highly stressful environment .
All students must get up at 5:30am and study for 10 hours a day .
AppleInsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .
These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .
Apple significantly improved the battery life on its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus .
But it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only don't last a day .
He has not signed the lucrative contract Liverpool waved in front of him and he gave an interview to the BBC without clearing it with the club .
But imagine if Raheem Sterling had actually done something wrong .
He has been called avaricious capricious disloyal and impressionable .
We talk about loyalty in football as if it is a oneway street .
Clubs generally have very little loyalty to players. They treat them as commodities .
If he asks for time to think before he commits himself it is absurdly unjust that he should be pilloried for it .
Michigan high school students Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska who has Down syndrome made plans to go to their junior prom together last year .
For their prom picture the pair held up a sign which read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes'
The sign references the fact that people with Down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 .
Ashley Young has revived his career at Manchester United .
He signed fiveyear contract worth around £120000 a week in 2011 .
The 29yearold is now being touted for a return to the England setup .
Good Morning Britain launched #SelfieEsteem today .
Study reveals women take an average of six selfies before they're happy .
Nancy Dell'Olio Piers Morgan and Lydia Rose Bright also took part .
Romanianborn Alexandra Harra 28 has become an Instagram star .
Model who's posed for Playboy posts selfies with inspirational messages .
After dyeing locks black being hailed as a rival to Kim Kardashian .
Australians buy 54mil hot cross buns & 2900 tonnes of chocolate at Easter .
Seafood sales rise by 80 per cent over the Easter weekend .
Drinks expert advises on the best wines to match your favourite seasonal foods from chocolate to seafood .
Chelsea travel to Arsenal as they close in on the Premier League title .
Eden Hazard has scored 13 goals during another impressive season .
ExMan United star Paul Scholes says Hazard needs to be more ruthless .
Then he'll compete with Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi says Scholes .
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon .
The Gunners are currently third in the Premier League table .
Arsene Wenger's side are looking to consolidate their topfour finish .
To read MailOnline Sport's April Fools' Day gag click here .
READ: Wenger reveals secrets of his Arsenal team selection process .
CLICK HERE for the latest Arsenal news .
29yearold Pankaj Saw feel to his death from a Macquarie Park balcony .
He was on the phone to his wife and had only been in Australia for two weeks .
Mr Panjak died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries .
A housing expert has said it was an accident waiting to happen .
Apple launches its first smartwatch today  but its stores will not  stock it .
Online consumers must shell out £300 and then wait for a June delivery .
Analysts believe Apple feared queues may have been embarrassingly small .
However it is believed Apple is sitting on some two million preorders .
SpaceX made its third attempt to land a booster on a barge yesterday .
But the booster tipped over after hitting its target and was destroyed .
Falcon 9 is on its way to the ISS with supplies and will arrive Friday .
Cargo includes first espresso machine designed for use in space .
20time champion AP McCoy's penultimate race will be with Mr Mole .
His last mount is Box Office in the 20runner Handicap Hurdle .
McCoy's closes the curtain on a glittering career at Sandown on Saturday .
Len Barnes 75 lost three stone while battling clostridium difficile .
When antibiotics failed to work specialists suggested a faecal transplant .
Mr Barnes' daughter Debbie stepped in to help and donated her stools .
Lewis Hamilton claimed third grand prix win of the season on Sunday .
He will now help Nicolas prepare for British Touring Car Championship .
Younger brother set to become the first disabled competitor to take part .
Heather Mack avoided the death penalty last week for murdering her mother and stuffing body in suitcase at Bali hotel in August .
The 19yearold got 10 years because she needs to take care of daughter .
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed for attempting to smuggle drugs to Australia .
The penalty came a decade after their convictions .
In that time Chan became a Christian pastor and Sukumaran an accomplished artist .
Australian barrister says sentences should reflect the seriousness of the crime .
Global demand soaring as people develop passion for almondbased foods .
The nuts have become California’s second biggest agricultural commodity .
The problem is that almonds guzzle water on a monumental scale .
It's been calculated that it takes 1.1 gallons of water to grow single almond .
Islamist militant group AlShabaab claims responsibility for the attack .
The explosion happened across the street from a hotel that was attacked two months ago .
Mogadishu has been the site of frequent attacks by AlShabaab .
Central Arizona Project invested $1 million to research cloud seeding .
Process involves seeding clouds over the Rockies with silver iodide .
Some scientists are concerned about silver building up in river basins .
There are also legal uncertainties over who should get additional water .
Ryanair post promo photo in Terminal 2  where Aer Lingus fly out from .
They Tweet that 'low fares have come to Dublin Airport T2 at last'
The lowcost airline are actually based out of Terminal 1 .
Aer Lingus respond saying they get customers to central locations not 'nearly there'
Roads out of Kathmandu are damaged but passable .
Even close to the capital aid is taking forever to trickle through .
East of the city the village of Ravi Opi counts the cost of devastation .
Asif Malik disappeared from UK with partner Sara Kiran and four children .
Turkish official claimed today that the family have been arrested in Ankara .
Malik 31 was pictured holding 'ISIS' sign at a protest in London last year .
Relatives of Ms Kiran today made emotional appeal for her to come home .
Hanan 19 was captured by ISIS when militants took the town of Sinjar .
She was among the women and girls separated to be sold as sex slaves .
Jade Walters 21 loaned her horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride .
But she was horrified to discover the family looking after him sold him .
She claims it was two months before she found out he was sold for £200 .
Notoriously risky horse auctions often see animals being sold for slaughter .
A trip to the town of Gorkha shows the human toll of the earthquake .
International teams are assisting Nepalese medical staff officials .
A new survey has revealed who Britons would like as their celebrity family .
David Beckham was voted number one choice for father .
Holly Willoughby was voted as the most desired mother .
The survey also revealed we want Adele and Rhianna as our sister .
Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by gaining attendance at Summit of the Americas .
First time since 1962 the U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join .
Cuba is trying to reestablish itself at the twoday summit in Panama .
Tom O’Carroll went to rally in Houses of Parliament on February 25 .
69yearold former key activist jailed in 1981 for 'corrupting public morals'
PIE was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised .
His attendance at the meeting is likely to be an embarrassment for group .
Cath Kidston aden + anais and Les Petites Abeilles boosted by George .
Everything he has worn  and similar designs  sold out instantly .
George effect has boosted high street copycat sales .
Royal baby number two who is due within weeks is likely to do the same .
Ian Wright presented Tony McCoy with champion jockey trophy .
McCoy finished third on Box Office in lastever race on Saturday .
The 40yearold also finished third on Mr Mole in penultimate race .
McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed professionally for last time .
Racing legend has been champion jockey 20 times .
Sandown filled with punters to bid McCoy farewell .
Harry Panayiotou selected from 24 teams in Division One and Two .
20yearold scored in Leicester City wins against Sunderland and Chelsea .
Also netted a hattrick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis .
Under 21 Premier League Player of the Month award based on statistics .
Sportsmail held an exclusive interview with young striker .
The clip was taken  in Warrilla in NSW at about 1am on Wednesday morning .
The 15yearold girl is flung into the air and appears to land on her head .
Amazingly she escaped serious injury and was released from hospital .
Police have spoken with the driver and are continuing their investigations .
Fed up local slams 'tragics' taking up carparks in wealthy Sydney suburb .
'If you can't afford to park...don't come here' letter left on windscreen reads .
Other locals shocked that someone in their community would leave note .
'We were horrified such a nimby culture existed in Cammeray' they said .
Former TSA agent Daniel Boykin 33 videotaped his female coworker in the restroom authorities say .
Authorities say they found 90 videos and 1500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer .
Boykin worked in an administrative capacity and didn't do public security screenings TSA official says .
Police in Kinnelon New Jersey rushed to the crash scene after a tipoff about someone driving erratically in the local area .
With smoke already coming from the vehicle the officers had to act fast to get the injured woman free .
Just 2 minutes and 30 seconds after the officers had removed the woman from the wreckage the vehicle became engulfed in flames .
Dawn Milosky 45 has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle .
Tim Sherwood took time to reply to Aston Villa fan Charlie Pye .
The 6yearold applied for the Villa job when Paul Lambert was sacked .
The youngster wanted his mum and dad to be assistant managers .
Sherwood admitted that he just pipped Pye to the post for the hotseat .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .
Round three of the Formula One season takes place at the Shanghai circuit for the Chinese Grand Prix .
The Shanghai circuit has held every Chinese Grand Prix dating back to 2004 .
Lewis Hamilton has the most wins in China with three  two for McLaren and one for Mercedes .
Fernando Alonso is the only other driver to have triumphed at the track more than once .
CLICK HERE for all the latest F1 news .
The town of Garnet in Montana was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver .
At its peaked there were about 1000 residents but Garnet was ravaged by fire in 1912 and later deserted .
Locals believe it is haunted with the spirits of former residents especially children .
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management is looking for workers to operate Garnet as a tourist stop .
There is no electricity or plumbing but they would be paid and given food and housing .
The BLM was inundated with responses after an ad was placed in the local newspaper .
Police discovered the body of a female in bushland on Friday afternoon .
Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday which sparked a search .
New details revealed alleged killer Vincent Stanford reportedly had an obsession with online video games and neoNazi propaganda .
It comes as police will contact authorities in Holland for a background check on 24yearold Stanford who was charged with murder .
Stanford's family led police to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith .
Forensic testing will be carried out on the remains of the body on Monday .
Michael Bisping beating CB Dollaway on points in Montreal during UFC 186 .
Manchester's Bisping was given the nod 2928 by all three of the judges .
Bisping said after the fight that Dolloway was tougher than he anticipated .
Champions League quarterfinals will be settled this week .
Matches are: Barcelona vs PSG Bayern Munich vs Porto Monaco vs Juventus and Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid .
Chelsea Arsenal Liverpool and Manchester City out of competition .
There are 23 former Premier League players still involved in latter stages .
Holden recalled 26000 Colorado's as they are at risk of catching alight .
Five customers have reportedly claimed to have 'thermal incidents'
Affected models were made between September 2013 and January 2015 .
Holden is the most recalled car in 2015 with five instances in four months .
The ACCC announced safety recalls in Australia are steadily on the rise .
Indian Premier League player says he was approached to match fix .
Unnamed IPL player represents Rajasthan Royals in lucrative league .
CLICK HERE for all the latest IPL cricket news .
Michelle Manhart 38 was handcuffed at Valdosta State University Georgia .
Former USAF training sergeant took flag from campus protesters on Friday .
Police arrested her for not giving it back because of how it was treated .
Manhart posed for raunchy militarythemed Playboy spread in 2007 .
Was demoted from her sergeant rank and later left the military .
Sian Lloyd visited Adelaide Hahndorf and Clare Valley in South Australia .
Former ITV weather forecaster caught the famous Indian Pacific to Perth .
She ticked off a bucket list item by cycling the Clare Valley Riesling Trail .
Kalgoorlie gold mine and Margaret River impressed in the country's West .
Allan Donald served as South Africa bowling coach since 2011 .
Donald said 'it was always a big dream' to work in South African cricket .
Chief executive Haroon Lorgat said Donald will 'always be a stalwart'
Commando says air transport was delayed for hours as AlShabaab forces slaughtered students .
On April 2 147 were killed at a university in Garissa Kenya most were students .
The Air Malta Airbus A319 did two heartshaped circuits of the island .
The flight was to celebrate wedding of a pilot and a member of cabin crew .
Social media users were baffled by the unusual flight plan on the internet .
An airline spokeswoman described the special flight as 'very romantic'
Delaware family becomes ill at the Sirenusa resort in the U.S. Virgin Islands .
Preliminary EPA results find methyl bromide was present in unit where family stayed .
U.S. Justice Department has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter .
400 Zimbabweans fled Durban on buses to escape the xenophobic protests .
Among thousands of African immigrants who have fled home amid attacks .
Zulu King denies sparking hatred saying his remarks were 'misrepresented'
John Frost hilariously recounts stories from his career at London airports .
Frost and his team frequently detect drugs hidden in bizarre ways .
He has even had to deal with a monkey ‘disguised as a hairy child’
Hayley Okines from Bexhill had the premature ageing condition progeria .
The disease ages the body  but not the mind  at eight times normal rate .
Gives sufferers the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness arthritis and heart problems .
Hayley defied odds to live 4 years longer than expected and died yesterday .
Rebecca Eldemire and Larry Tipton 27 were found dead in her bedroom in Oxford Ohio on Feb. 1 after her roommates heard loud bangs .
A coroner's report revealed Tuesday Eldemire was shot at 'intermediate' range and there were no signs of struggle .
The night before Eldemire had called Oxford Police to ask for protection when he arrived at the apartment and police stopped him in the parking lot .
She instructed the officers to accompany them to her apartment but after talking she asked them to leave and they did .
Chelsea Supporters Trust teamed up with Playfair Qatar to set up protest .
Supporters invited to take part in protest photo aimed at improving rights of migrant construction workers building Qatar stadiums .
Protest will be held at 3pm out side Stamford Bridge ahead of Chelsea's clash with Manchester United on Saturday evening .
The research looked at POMC neurons that work toregulate appetite .
When POMC neurons are absent animals and humans grow obese .
This also happens when genes inside the POMC cells aren't working .
Courtney Brain left Skegness Academy to visited her GP for treatment .
She was later told to make up missed time for 'unauthorised absence'
Mother criticises decision to punish her daughter as 'mindboggling'
School claims detention was to give her best chance of good grades .
Teacher Adam Galloway got home and found Nikon on eBay just 35 minutes before end of auction .
He messaged seller who admitted he worked for Ryanair and begged him not to report him to police .
Seller has sold 118 items on eBay including RayBan sunglasses and Skullcandy headphones .
Steward Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu ordered to attend drug rehabilitation when sentenced for theft .
Diafra Sakho could miss the rest of the season due to injury .
The West Ham striker picked up thigh strain in game against Stoke .
The 25yearold was taken off after 58 minutes and went for scans .
Around 200000 people were deported to the Nazi camp in northern Germany during World War Two .
British soldiers took over the camp on April 15 1945 and found tens of thousands of dead bodies .
Their intervention came just two months after diarist Anne Frank who was held at the camp died .
Mauricio Pochettino returns to St Mary's for first time since his departure .
The Argentine left Southampton in order to take up reins at Tottenham .
Pochettino admits he could be jeered on return to former stomping ground .
Khalid Rashad 61 charged by police investigating death of Syrian iman .
Preacher Abdul Hadi Arwani found shot dead in his car in Wembley in April .
Leslie Cooper 36 has already appeared in court accused of murder .
Transport For London are removing 'Are You Beach Body Ready?' posters .
TFL say Protein World has come to end of threeweek ad placement period .
A rally has been organised against Protein World in Hyde Park on May 2 .
Police search An Noor community centre in west London and Burnell Mitchell's home in Wembley .
Mitchell 61 is trustee of the community centre and director of company that owns it .
Jamaican businessman Leslie Cooper 36 appeared in court yesterday charged with murdering Arwani .
A 61yearold man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
Expansion of QinghaiTibet line would go under world's highest mountain .
Chinese say they plan to finish the huge project within five years .
If built railway will impact on India's relationship with key economies .
The video shows two men and one woman entering the Los Angeles home .
They're seen tiptoeing through the house before entering another room .
But then one suspect returns and looks straight at the camera before he ducks and knocks it down .
The LAPD released the film in hopes it will help catch the burglars described as being age 17 to 20 .
EXCLUSIVE: Danczuk says those who try to join ISIS 'enemies' of Britain .
Nine members of the same Rochdale family were arrested in Turkey .
They are expected return to the UK from Turkey later this week .
Mr Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' for them to be free to live in the UK .
Writer Sisonke Msimang said Australians are being racist by denying there are no differences between races .
Msimang slammed Tony Abbott for cutting funds to remote communities .
Many of these communities comprise Indigenous Australians .
She compared treatment of Aboriginal people to South Africa's apartheid .
She thinks Australians need to recognise and celebrate difference rather than deny its existence.
The baby elephant walks alongside single file herd .
It stops to dawdle pick up something with its trunk .
Before managing to break the tailtotrunk chain .
The footage was captured by at Whipsnade zoo .
Kenyans gather in Nairobi to remember victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation .
The attack at a Garissa university last week killed 147 people mostly students .
It's a decade to the day that Bali Nine pair were arrested for drug smuggling .
Friday also marks 34th birthday of Sukumaran who will spend behind bars .
His cousin has organised exhibition of his paintings in London .
Sukumaran and Chan's fate rests with a court that  that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates .
Raheem Sterling has revealed he is not ready to sign a new Liverpool deal .
The Reds wideman has struggled to repeat last season's impressive form .
The 20yearold Liverpool star has managed just six goals this  season .
READ: Sterling insists he is not a 'moneygrabbing 20yearold'
Sterling: What he said about contract talks... and what he meant .
CLICK HERE for the latest Liverpool news .
The print ad ran in the most recent issue of Vice magazine .
The controversial company is looking to rebrand after founder and former CEO Dov Charney was ousted in December following a string of sexual harassment lawsuits .
Actor was famous for wearing Christian Dior's Eau Sauvage aftershave .
It contained Hedion a chemical that activates the brain's hypothalamus .
Region is responsible for triggering release of sex hormones in women .
Three children killed in lake crash have been farewelled .
Their tiny white coffins were wheeled into the church in Werribee .
Mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang attended .
Fiveyearold Awel who survived the crash was at the funeral .
Their mother was released from police custody .
She crashed 4WD into a Melbourne lake .
Children's father says Ms Guode 'didn't feel herself' as she was driving .
Serena Williams progresses to semifinals after beating Sabine Lisicki .
Williams beats German in three sets at Miami Open  76 16 63 .
World No 1 presented with cake after 700th career victory .
Andy Murray was similarly given reward after 500th career win .
Tool works with all Android phones with the latest Google app installed .
Type 'Find my phone' in Google and click the search icon .
The handset will be plotted on a map with a 'Ring' button beneath .
Clicking this button will remotely call the handset and help locate it .
Gillian Nelson had complications with birth before being taken to theatre .
Widower recalls 'blur' of staff as she 'bled heavily' at hospital in Bromley .
Had blood transfusion and hysterectomy but doctors 'ran out of options'
Southwark Coroner's Court hears allegations of 'gaps in her monitoring'
The Mark 1 version of the iconic plane was one of the first Spitfires to go into action and was  built in March 1940 .
But Spitfire P9374 never made it to Battle of Britain as it crashlanded on French beach and lay hidden for 40 years .
At one point it was almost certainly flown by Squadron Leader Roger Bushell later Big X of the Great Escape fame .
The wreckage was discovered in 1980 and restored to its original condition. It is to be auctioned for £2.5million .
Austria drew 11 against BosniaHerzegovina on Tuesday night .
David Alaba picked up a knee injury during the first half of the game .
Alaba was out for three months earlier this season after he suffered a partial ligament tear in his right knee .
Enigmatic app is the brainchild of a developer in Athens Greece .
It has a black screen with fiendish clues and no hints or images at all .
About 10% of players so far have completed the app's 50 levels .
Equally mysterious episode two of None* is expected this summer .
Nicky Morgan asks officials to start 'mapping the pressures' on schools .
Education Secretary says immigration is a 'big issue' for voters .
Last year warned Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to talk about migrant 'influx'
Richie Gray will be sold if Castres Olympique are relegated from the Top 14 .
It has put Glasgow Warriors on high alert surrounding Gray's future .
Gray has one year left on his Castres deal but could soon be released .
Elliot Kear played for Premiership Rugby's relegated London Welsh .
He joined the Oxfordbased rugby club from Super League's Bradford .
Kear could line up for the Broncos as soon as Sunday against Dewsbury .
Loren Mathieson filmed her dog performing the gravitydefying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties .
Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .
Substitute Ishmael Miller scores 89thminute equaliser for Huddersfield .
Sergiu Bus had put Sheffield Wednesday ahead three minutes earlier .
Wilfried Zaha joined Manchester United for £10m in January 2013 .
Winger made debut in July but only made three more appearances .
Rejoined Palace on loan and deal made permanent in February 2015 .
Ronda Blaylock was just 14 years old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted .
This after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man after school in Rural Hall North Carolina .
Town is some wholesome it was used as a model for Mayberry in 'The Andy Griffith Show'
Her friend was dropped off but Ronda was never seen again .
The man now likely in his late fifties has never been found .
Now police say that new DNA evidence as well as testimony from key witnesses has them close to solving the case .
Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to finding him .
Forster damaged his knee in recent 20 Premier League win over Burnley .
England goalkeeper has undergone surgery but faces months out .
Southampton manager will wait for further news before making signings .
Kelvin Davis will deputise until the end of the campaign .
Sixthplaced Saints travel to Everton on Saturday .
Millions of Asian hornets have colonised swathes of French countryside .
Vicious insects mutilate honeybees and prey on beehives to feed young .
Six people have died in France after suffering allergic reactions to sting .
Ministers in Britain have drawn up battle plans for any possible invasion .
Nick Loeb and Sofia Vergara froze fertilized embryos in November 2013 but then broke up in May 2014 .
Implied he wants to use the embryos to have children and says he should be allowed to  whether Vergara is involved or not .
Filed lawsuit claiming Vergara wants to destroy the two female embryos .
Vergara denies this but says she doesn't want to use them either .
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway near Fernvale .
A 40yearold man with chest and shoulder injuries was airlifted to hospital .
Also flown out was a sixyearold girl suffering from abdominal pain .
Six others  including an infant and two young girls  had minor injuries .
One person involved in the crash was found trapped inside their vehicle .
Peter Gale has been fired from Nonsuch High School for Girls in Surrey .
Headteacher accused of 'inappropriate' and 'unprofessional' behaviour .
Governors said there had been 'serious breaches' in safeguarding .
But the highperforming school refused to confirm nature of allegations .
Crabbie's Grand National takes place at Aintree on April 11 .
Shutthefrontdoor trained by Jonjo O'Neill is the race favourite .
AP McCoy is expected to ride Shutthefrontdoor at Aintree .
Arizona's The Wave and the Fairy Chimneys in Turkey were formed by layers of rock and erosion .
It wasn't a stretch for Iceland's Svinafellsjokull glacier to costar as 'space' in Interstellar .
Grand Prismatic Spring in Yellowstone National Park looks like a volcano about to explode .
The Zhangye Danxia Landform in China are hills that take on all the colours of the rainbow .
Add natural sunkissed highlights to your hair with the help of lemon juice .
Aloe vera can be frozen into ice cubes for extra sunburn relief .
Place your iPhone in a resealable bag for the ultimate waterproofing trick .
Lee Cattermole returns from suspension for Sunderland .
But Black Cats without injured defender Wes Brown through a knee injury .
Knee surgery will see Massadio Haidara miss rest of the season .
Steven Taylor Paul Dummett Cheick Tiote and Siem de Jong also out for Newcastle United ahead of WearTyne derby .
Liverpool are taking action against fan Stephen Dodd who photographed Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month .
Dodd captioned the photo: 'Muslims praying at half time #DISGRACE'
Kaka famously displayed a 'I belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007 .
Bubba Watson and Webb Simpson are part of a PGA Tour Bible Group .
Religion in sport only becomes a topic when it is someone else's religion .
Dr Adrian Quarterman has suggested mirrored satellites to collect sunlight .
The beams can then be converted into laser light and sent down to earth .
The physicist  believes it could even make solar power feasible in Scotland .
But he admits you might need to worry about who is in control of them .
BB8 moved in all directions on stage at Star Wars Celebration in Anaheim .
Director JJ Abrams said a real robot and not CGI was used in the film .
Audience were mesmerised by the droid but it's a mystery how it works .
Suggestions include giant robotic ball has another magnetic robot on top .
Tens of thousands of migrants and refugees risk the perilous journey across the Mediterranean every year .
Many make the trip in dangerous boats owned by people smugglers thousands have died along the way in recent years .
Post on Mortein's Facebook page linked to Stephanie Scott's murder .
Picture of the brand's mascot accompanied with #putyourdressout .
Slammed as a 'tasteless decision' by some social media users .
Ms Scott was brutally murdered just days before her wedding .
Swansea have lost all three games after an international break this season .
Set to host Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon .
Garry Monk's side have been in the top 10 for the entire campaign so far .
Five Chinese feminists have been held by police for more than a month .
They each face charges of 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble'
Women activists linked to stunts which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women's toilets in China .
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and others have called for their release .
Death Row Records mogul appealed to reduce $10m bail was denied .
But he is sure Floyd Mayweather will win on Saturday and bail him out .
The boxer is already worth $420 million set to get record pay this weekend .
Knight had to be wheeled out of court after being denied bail cut .
Kevin Bowes lost several teeth had four 'avoidable' root canal treatments and five 'avoidable' crowns fitted by Dr Nicholas Crees over a decade .
Second dentists said he will need extensive treatment to repair decay .
Awarded £30000 outofcourt but Dr Crees has not admitted liability .
Mr Bowes said: 'I was devastated. I had no idea my teeth were so bad'
The former Illinois governor has been photographed in prison for the first time since starting his 14 year sentence in 2012 .
As a politican he was famed for his boot polish black hair but nowadays he has let his hair return to its natural white color .
Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 .
He continues to await word of a lastditch appeal and teaches the history of war battles to other inmates .
Homosexuality is illegal in Iran .
Denizli Turkey is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from Iran .
Photographer Laurence Rasti traveled to Turkey to explore her fascination with identity issues .
Mr Miliband has started taking a lectern with him everywhere he speaks .
He has appeared behind the same silver lectern throughout the campaign .
The Labour leader even spoke from behind a lectern in the middle of a field .
It is thought to be a strategy to make him look more like a Prime Minister .
He currently trails badly behind David Cameron in personal ratings .
It has also emerged he has hired a 'performance coaching' firm for help .
Marc Benioff announced Wednesday he was helping remove Salesforce employees from Indiana after numerous had complained to him .
One employee has received a $50000 'relocation package'
Said earlier he was reducing investments in the state and stopping all workrelated travel and events .
Salesforce is a San Franciscobased tech company that offers ‘customer relationship management’
Lawmakers said Friday morning they had amended the Religious Freedom Restoration Act so no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone'
Numerous companies and CEOs have spoken out in protest .
Memories pizza in Walkerton Indiana has reportedly closed its doors .
Move comes days after owners said they would not cater gay weddings .
Restaurant's webpage was attacked and owners received abusive calls .
But supporters have donated $440000 to the eatery via fundraising page .
Teresa James 40 believes the pain involved is worth it for a bright smile .
Lisa Arbiter 33 has bought highstrength bleach from America for 13 years .
Donna Billson started before her wedding last year and is already a convert .
Climbers are returning to Everest after 2014 season on Nepal side was canceled .
Climbing permits increase in Tibetan and Nepalese side this year .
16 Nepalis died in Khumbu Icefall on Everest last year .
Hugh Roche Kelly told how pilot dispelled 'tense vibe' with his actions .
Left cockpit so passengers could see him and spoke in three languages .
Comes week after copilot Andreas Lubitz brought down Flight 4U9525 .
Second black box has confirmed that he did deliberately kill 150 people .
Siti Zainab was executed in holy city of Medina after 15 years on death row .
Sentenced to death for stabbing to death an employer who 'mistreated her'
Indonesia is furious its officials and her family weren't notified beforehand .
Amnesty International says the beheading shows a 'basic lack of humanity'
UN officials say procedure should only be done when ‘medically necessary'
Over a quarter of women in England now have a a caesarean birth .
The rate which includes voluntary mothers has doubled since early 1990s .
Christian Trousedale was seen helping elderly man home from shops .
Aldi worker 18 held 95yearold's hand as he carried his shopping bag .
His act of kindness went viral and has been 'liked' by more than 250000 .
One customer saw Trousedale at work and hugged him in the Aldi store .
Mr Trousedale said he's 'blown away' by the reaction to the simple act .
The woman allegedly boarded special flights organised for victims' families .
Police in Hoexter are looking into the possible fraud will question  woman .
Investigators have been searching Andreas Lubtiz's internet search history .
Lubitz sought information online on various methods of taking his own life .
Southampton are currently five points behind fourthplaced Man City .
Ronald Koeman has not given up hope of finishing inside the top four .
The south coast outfit face Stoke at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday .
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Dr. Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010 .
In 2010 Wang was originally ruled incompetent but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital .
A second evaluation was ordered earlier this year after the public defender's office asked the court to terminate Wang's selfrepresentation .
Mental health experts said Wang displayed 'paranoid thinking'
They said he was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with courtappointed lawyers .
Wang who represented himself at the hearing is due back in court in May .
President Barack Obama in Jamaica for a meeting with Caribbean leaders .
He made an unscheduled visit to the Bob Marley museum in Kingston .
Said the museum was 'wonderful'  and he still owns all of Marley's records .
He is first U.S president to visit the country since Ronald Reagan in 1982 .
Ben Stokes was denied a wicket after bowling a noball .
The Durham allrounder thought he had dismissed Jermaine Blackwood .
Replays showed that Stokes had overstepped the crease .
Floyd Mayweather Jnr hit the swimming pool as he continued his training .
Boxer did laps of the pool as well as water resistance muscle work .
Mayweather Jnr is training ahead of megafight with Manny Pacquiao .
It is now less than a month before boxing duo meet in Las Vegas .
Ronnie Lungu successfully sued Wiltshire Police for race discrimination .
Acting sergeant was turned down for permanent role despite exam pass .
Tribunal rules he was singled out as 'marked man' due to his ethnicity .
Chief constable says he is 'concerned' and 'lessons will be learned'
Zeke Celello was devastated by Clinton campaign and burst into tears .
Zeke who appears to be around two insists he would be better candidate .
His mother Erin eventually persuades him to go ahead with the run anyway .
Policies are unclear but he'd like win the White House to 'play... with toys'
Unfortunately U.S. Constitution states that presidents must be at least 35 .
Leaked report suggests G36 rifle did not shoot straight when it overheated .
German army carried out tests and none of the 304 assault rifles passed .
The weapon is used by British counterterrorism officers across the UK .
An urgent Home Office review has been called for in light of the findings .
Karl Oyston will face charges next month over shocking text messages .
Oyston faces a ban from footballing activity if found guilty .
He could also be handed a fine and mandatory FA education course .
Blackpool chairman send abusive messages to a fan before Christmas .
Deputy PM was met by protesters in Surbiton southwest London .
Protesters chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me he said uni would be free'
Mr Clegg ignored the protesters and launched new assault on the Tories .
He said George Osborne's plan was 'socially and morally unacceptable'
Two teenage girls risked their lives trying to save a drowning man .
Police launched an urgent appeal to help identify him .
A man in Sri Lanka recognised Boobesh Palani and notified the authorities .
The 26yearold student from India died in Wellington Hospital .
Thanks to the appeal his family and friends were with him in his final days .
Kelly McKay and Payge Olds pulled Mr Palani from Wellington Harbour .
Payge 16 swam 70 metres out to the man in the pitch black .
Kelly 15 performed CPR on the man until paramedics arrived .
The FA Cup is usually a rollercoaster of emotions .
Fittingly the famous trophy was taken on looping ride at Alton Towers .
It was accompanied by an Arsenal and a Reading fan ahead of the pair's semifinal at Wembley on Saturday .
Arsenal are the current holders of the competition and keen to retain it .
Liverpool and Aston Villa will contest the other semifinal on Sunday .
North Sea cod populations are healthy in hundreds of fisheries analysed .
Stocks plummeted in 1980s and 1990s but industry has steadily recovered .
Research was carried out by Seafish and the Marine Stewardship Council .
However it also found only one in nine fisheries are operating sustainably .
Calum Chambers has played 35 times already for Arsenal this season .
Eric Dier has become an important firstteam player at Tottenham .
John Stones has impressed for Everton after being moved to the middle .
It was a crucial holiday for the Olympic gold medallist and husband Harry .
Their stay would be their last getaway before the birth of their first child .
The couple stayed in overthewater bungalows at Dubai's Anantara resort .
Sabrina Rubin Erdely wrote 'A Rape on Campus' which was published in Rolling Stone in November .
The story focuses on a University of Virginia student named Jackie who claims to have been gang raped by seven men two years ago .
Soon after it was published Jackie's story came under questioning and Rolling Stone was forced to issue an apology .
The Columbia Journalism School has been conducting an independent review of what went wrong in Erdely's reporting .
They will publish their findings Sunday night at 8pm .
Sources tell CNN that Erdely will issue an apologetic statement after the review is published .
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media .
A woman called 'Hollie' has claimed the Paleo diet alleviated her MS symptoms .
Another woman 'Marg' who also suffers from MS has claimed to have seen an improvement to her condition .
Health experts say there is no scientific evidence to back up the claims that the Paleo diet helps MS suffers .
Evans has shared the inspiring testimonials to 800000plus Facebook followers .
In an interview with The New York Times President Obama says he understands Israel feels particularly vulnerable .
Obama calls the nuclear deal with Iran a "onceinalifetime opportunity"
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and many U.S. Republicans warn that Iran cannot be trusted .
Luis Enrique insists his side will be focusing their attention on Valencia .
Barcelona impressed in midweek as they beat PSG 31 at Parc des Princes .
The Catalan giants are currently two points ahead of Real Madrid .
Three rabbis found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in New Jersey federal court .
They were accused of orchestrating kidnapping torture of Jewish men who refused to allow their wives a religious divorce .
Lawyers for the rabbis said they plan on appealing the verdicts .
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long cancer battle .
Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club .
He was key to three La Liga and two Champions League titles from 200812 .
The man known only as Jason is filmed popping the ganglion on his wrist .
Involves hammering a needle into his arm with the handle of a screwdriver .
A sticky ball of seethrough jelly emerges from the cyst afterwards .
Doctors do not advise popping ganglions as more fluid returns in future .
Kevin Sinfield has announced he is leaving Leeds at the end of the season .
The 34yearold will cross codes to join sister club Yorkshire Carnegie .
Sinfield has won six Super League titles three World Club Challenges and one Challenge Cup with the Rhinos .
Ronald Butcher 75 left his entire life savings to builder Daniel Sharp .
He cut out his cousin and two family friends who were expecting to inherit .
But they are now challenging the will in the High Court saying the pensioner did not know what he was doing .
Josh and Vanessa Ellis a couple in their 20s were youth pastors in a suburban Seattle church .
They and their 8monthold son Hudson are killed when a highway barrier falls on their car .
"We are stunned! Shocked!" the church's lead pastor writes on Facebook .
"The Cold War has been over for a long time" President Obama says .
The thaw in ties has dominated discussion at the Summit of the Americas in Panama .
The top leaders from the United States and Cuba haven't met for substantive talks in more than 50 years .
Lisa Courtney holds the Guinness World Record for largest collection .
The 26yearold started amassing the items after being bullied aged nine .
Spends seven hours a week surfing the internet looking for new characters .
Vast hoard ranges from cuddly toys to cornflakes made in Japan .
Ashley Dodds 29 left speechless when daughter told her what happened .
The mother from Salford had ordered 'mocktails' for the girl and her friend .
Went outside for a cigarette and was told 'mum I've had alcohol' on return .
Manchester restaurant blamed Ms Dodds for leaving children on their own .
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins Pulitzer for fiction .
Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction" wins general nonfiction prize .
Hull city are keeping tabs on Leeds United's promising young English midfielder Alex Mowatt .
The 20yearold has impressed for Leeds this season scoring nine goals .
Mowatt was watched by Hull scouts in Leeds' 43 defeat by Wolves on Monday .
The Exotic Driving Experience park lets racing fans drive topend cars .
Gary Terry 36 died in the crash and was on the passengers side .
Tavon Watson 24yearold hotel bellhop was driving and was taken to hospital for treatment .
Day at the racetrack was a gift from Watson's wife for his birthday .
Disney World spokesman said driver 'lost control' of the Lamborghini .
Family friend said working at Disney attraction was a 'dream job' for Terry a former race car driver from Michigan .
Recent study found sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes .
Some argue this knowledge could help prevent people from offending .
Dr Mairi Levitt says the genetic study can't separate nature from nurture .
Jonas Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by Newcastle in the summer .
The midfielder was dropped from squad for Sunday's match against Spurs .
The Argentine was axed following a heated argument with John Carver .
Columbia journalism school team finds major lapses in Rolling Stone's University of Virginia rape story .
Errol Louis: Incredibly the magazine isn't holding its staff accountable or changing procedures .
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night .
Tyson Fury hopes his next fight will be against Klitschko in September .
British heavyweight champion convinced he can take the WBO title .
Letourneau Fualaau had a sexual relationship with her student .
He was 13 when they began the relationship in 1996 .
In May they will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary .
Joao Teixeira will miss Brighton's last three games of the season .
The Portuguese starlet sustained broken leg in 00 draw with Huddersfield .
Liverpool's Teixeira joined Brighton on seasonlong loan deal in August .
James Anderson took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin to break the record .
Anderson surpassed Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets .
England declared on 3337 in their second innings on day four .
Alastair Cook's side set West Indies an unlikely victory target of 438 .
But the home side held firm on day five to force a draw .
Lizzi Crawford piled on the pounds after feasting on takeaways .
She decided to make a change after a child mistook her for being pregnant .
Lizzi went on to loose almost 8st slimming down to 12.5 st .
She also fought off cervical cancer after she was diagnosed in 2012 .
Jordan Henderson says his team will not give up hope of topfour finish .
Liverpool were beaten 41 at Arsenal in a massive blow to their hopes .
Defeat left Liverpool eight points off fourth place with seven to play .
Liverpool face Blackburn in FA Cup quarterfinal replay on Wednesday .
Hull are currently 17th in the Premier League table with a difficult runin .
Steve Bruce revealed that relegation would see players' salaries cut .
The Tigers face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Saturday .
Andy Flower guided England to three Ashes wins over Australia .
Former team director also led England to the world No 1 ICC ranking .
Andrew Strauss is a frontrunner to becoming director of England Cricket .
Woman called emergency services as she tried to drive to Louisville hospital .
Interstate 65 North was closed so Obama could drive into town from airport .
A nurse also stuck in traffic helped her through the delivery .
John Noble 53 took his own life waiting in line at the M Resort buffet .
Shot himself in the head because his free buffet pass had been taken away .
Had been awarded the Biggest Winner pass for the Studio B Buffet in 2010 .
It was revoked in 2013 after he was accused of harassing female employees .
The pass was confiscated three weeks after his mother passed away .
Noble sent a local Las Vegas newspaper a 270page suicide note and DVD .
Posted increasingly rambling Facebook posts prior to suicide pledging to discover 'the truth'
Prosecutor Ray Gricar has been missing for 10 years .
His laptop and hard drive were found too damaged to read .
Gricar has been declared legally dead .
Nicola Sturgeon alleged to have made comments to French ambassador .
Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered probe after she dismissed memo as untrue .
The suspect apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of Wagner Street in Del Rey Los Angeles on Sunday night .
He is described as Hispanic medium build and wearing a grey hoodie .
According to the victim's father the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots .
As of Monday the boy was listed in critical but stable condition .
Benjamin Mellor ripped package of drugs open after food ran out .
35yearold was one of three arrested after Naval officers stormed yacht .
They were all sentenced at Cork circuit criminal court yesterday .
Zach Birnie films his descent of mountain with a helmetmounted camera .
Snow begins falling around skier while he negotiates the offpiste slope .
After being buried alive Zach manages to fight himself free from the snow .
The terrifying incident occurred on the slopes in Revelstoke Canada .
Nine people have been arrested by soldiers after 500 feet long tunnel found under home in Tijuana Mexico .
Secret passageway accessed through trapdoor hidden inside wooden wardrobe in property bedroom .
Underground tunnel was being built close to the Mexican border crossing near San Diego California .
Officials believe gang were constructing the passageway in a bid to smuggle drugs covertly into the U.S.
Video footage shows corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua as he stands in front of a scenic backdrop .
When the photographer shows the thirdgrader the finished photo he took he spots his father in the background .
The fatherson then share a big hug with smiles all round .
Queen of Spain 42 attended conference at science museum CosmoCaixa .
She delivered speech at opening of 2nd congress of uncommon diseases .
Wore silk blouse nude heels and accessorised with woven clutch .
Dr Mehmet Oz is vice chairman at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons and is a professor of surgery .
He said in a statement that his show provides 'multiple points of view' including his 'which is offered without conflict of interest'
Comes after ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for Oz's dismissal .
Said there's no scientific proof his 'miracle' weightloss supplements work .
The Dr Oz Show will air a special episode Thursday most of which will be dedicated to his rebuttal .
Mark Cuban said people should have their blood tested every quarter .
Gilbert Welch: Giving people more tests will increase health spending but it won't make us healthier.
Dog found with multiple knife wounds in Cass County North Dakota .
Wilford survived the violent attack carried out with an eight inch blade .
He needed more than 50 stitches to patch up five deep knife wounds .
Now being cared for by foster family and expected to make a full recovery .
Yamini Karanam 26 was diagnosed with a pineal brain tumour .
Surgeons operating to extract the growth made a startling discovery .
They found a teratoma  an embryonic twin with bone hair and teeth .
Teratomas are often found in ovaries testes but more rarely in the brain .
Maya Wang: 5 women held by China authorities after planning International Women's Day protests on sex harassment remain detained .
She says in a year when country poised to adopt  antidomestic violence law Beijing also sending chilling message on women's activism .
Tech heads say the new Apple Watch could be 'a waste of money'
Low battery life no GPS and lack of waterproofing are among its turnoffs .
Apple Watch 1 will be released on Friday but they say you might be better off waiting until next year for version two .
Apple Watches range in price from $499 up to the most expensive at $24000 .
Los Angeles Angels are close to deal sending outfielder to Texas Rangers .
Hamilton admitted to relapsing and abusing drugs and alcohol in February .
Still has $83m left on fiveyear $125million contract with Angels from 2012 .
Filed for divorce from Real Housewives of Orange County's Katie Hamilton .
33yearold was All Star during fiveyear span with Rangers from 200812 .
Craig Dawson to serve ban following Gareth McAuley's incorrect red card .
WBA keeper Ben Foster ruled out for six months with knee injury .
QPR have no fresh injury concerns with Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer out .
Queens Park Rangers teenager Darnell Furlong also ruled out .
Boko Haram jihadis posed for photos somewhere in northeastern Nigeria .
They are the first images of the terror group since it became part of ISIS .
Fighters pose with guns and alongside ISIS' sinister black and white flag .
ISIS branding suggests the terrorists now controls Boko Haram releases .
Release comes as Nigerian soldiers stormed the Islamists final remaining stronghold in the country .
Manchester United lost 30 at Everton in the Premier League on Sunday .
Man United sit fourth in the Premier League table with four games left .
They are seven points clear of Liverpool  who have a game in hand .
Chris Smalling: Manchester United must improve .
Van Gaal: I could tell the players' attitude was not right during the warmup .
AP McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes in the Grand National on Saturday .
Champion jockey ultimately chose Shutthefrontdoor for big race at Aintree .
Royale Knight is worth an eachway punt at more speculative odds .
NHS gave out 404500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13m in 2014 .
Also handed out 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing £29m .
Other items routinely prescribed include vitamins Vaseline and toothpaste .
Critics branded prescriptions 'ludicrous' at time of financial crisis for NHS .
Scotland's strict new drinkdriving law sees bar sales drop by 60 per cent .
Lack of spending is being blamed for stalling the country's financial growth .
Publicans are concerned it is having a worse effect than 2006 smoking ban .
Hospitality industry leaders claim the law comprises a 'form of prohibition'
Savannah baby Levi Jarrett Millspaugh is this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center .
The other lucky winner was a baby named Johnathan from Atlanta .
The babies were awarded $1529 for college expenses a donation made by Path2College 529 Plan .
Jamar Nicholson 15 was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez on February 10 because his friend was holding a toy gun .
Nicholson and his friend Jason Huerta 17 are suing the city of Los Angeles for $20m .
Officer Miguel Gutierrez who shot Nicholson has returned to duty but the incident is under investigation .
Teen allowed to return home now that her chemotherapy is complete .
'Cassandra' was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September .
Teen was in temporary custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families .
Theo Walcott's contract with Arsenal expires at the end of next season .
England winger has made just five starts for his club this campaign .
Ian Wright says it would be 'a shame' to see Walcott leave Arsenal .
The Gunners have been linked to signing Liverpool's Raheem Sterling .
Mark Hawkins 49 allegedly barricaded himself inside a vintage blue bus .
Wanted for failing to appear in court for 'delivery of controlled substance'
During sevenhour standoff Hawkins 'shot and wounded police dog'
SWAT team fired over 12 rounds of tear gas in bid to force him out of bus .
They finally decided to ram armored car into vehicle punching holes in it .
At about 6.30pm Friday Hawkins was shot nine times by cops later died .
Officers involved are on administrative leave an investigation is ongoing .
The Dadaab refugee camp is the world's largest with more than 600000 people .
Kenya will change "the way America changed after 9/11" deputy president says .
William Ruto adds that "we must secure this country at whatever cost"
After splitting with Prince Harry last spring Cressida is happier than ever .
Will star alongside Judi Dench and Cara Delevingne in upcoming film .
Claims rumors she was engaged to marry the Prince were just 'noise'
50 Vietnamese asylum seekers are allegedly being returned to Vietnam .
Reports claim Australian vessel HMAS Choules transferred them on Friday .
The secret voyage would cost $2.8 million of taypayer money .
15 asylum boats and 429 asylum seekers have been stopped since 2013 .
Abbott government claims a 90% reduction of illegal maritime arrivals under Operation Sovereign Borders .
Jermain Defoe was the first Sunderland player to take part in the challenge .
Former Tottenham and West Ham striker scored an impressive 76 .
Defoe then performed keepy ups with a Creme Egg and scored nine .
Warrington Wolves beat Wakefield Wildcats 800 on Saturday .
Wildcats are rooted to foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats .
Coach James Webster said he simply does not have enough players .
Researchers sequenced microbiomes of Yanomami people in Amazon .
Testing found they harbour microbiomes with the highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group .
Bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society .
Young women can get cheaper car insurance than men economist warns .
He says drivers with jobs mainly done by women offered lower premiums .
Newcastle University's Stephen McDonald analysed this paybyjob system .
Dental nurse 21 likely to pay 10 per cent less than they would have in 2011 .
Bombing of targets in central Sanaa smashes residents' windows and doors .
Hundreds killed in less than two weeks humanitarian situation desperate agencies say .
Identical twins start life with the same genes from the same fertilised egg .
As they age the number of hydrogen bonds in the DNA changes due to  different life experiences such as smoking and different diets .
By heating DNA until bonds break researchers can spot these differences .
This will help identify which twin is guilty in a criminal case for example .
Juventus beat secondplaced Lazio 20 to step closer to the Scudetto .
Carlos Tevez netted the first and celebrated by dancing like a chicken .
Barcelona beat Valencia with goals from Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi .
A truck driver has posted a passionate video online about Anzac Day .
The Geelong man was angry at lack of interest in the day from Australians .
His plea has been viewed over 800000 times online .
He tells Australians to respect their ancestors and go to a memorial service .
Blackburn's Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede have both attracted interest .
Gary Bowyer believes players will attract attention after FA Cup exploits .
Blackburn lost 10 to Liverpool on Wednesday in quarterfinal replay .
READ: Bowyer shocked by keeper's late effort against Liverpool .
Ukip's support has fallen in nine out of 10 marginal seats poll shows .
Support for Nigel Farage's party has more than halved in two seats .
Comes after leaked poll showed the Ukip leader on course to lose in Thanet .
Nationwide support for Ukip has fallen by 25% over the last six months .
Robin van Persie ruled out with ankle injury for Manchester United .
Chris Smalling a doubt but Luke Shaw back from hamstring complaint .
Ron Vlaar could make return to Aston Villa squad following calf injury .
Joe Cole and Jores Okore have also regained fitness for Villans .
Study shows UK sellers refuse to admit the housing market has cooled .
Buyers increasingly treat asking price as starting point for negotiation .
Average sales price is £207000 but average asking price is £281000 .
Deputies filmed chasing 'horse thief' Francis Pusok in the California desert .
Pusok 30 falls off horse seconds later two officers stun him with Tasers .
They then kick him in crotch and head repeatedly before others join them .
Footage captured by NBC helicopter on Thursday sparked outrage online .
Man's lawyer said it was 'as bad if not worse' than Rodney King's beating .
Now 10 deputies have been placed on paid administrative leave by sheriff .
International and criminal investigations are ongoing deputies not named .
Pusok's girlfriend of 13 years said that she 'couldn't believe' graphic video .
Ernest Hemingway credited for potent absintheChampagne cocktail .
The Zombie has three types of rum Pernod grenadine and a secret mix .
Bone Dry Martini is 100 per cent alcohol and also known as Pass the Bottle .
Elderly fishermen in Guilin China keep the unusual ancient tradition of cormorant bird fishing alive .
The bird which they have often raised from a chick dives into the water and retrieves a carp for its owner .
This is an ecologically safe way of fishing as the birds are not harmed and the men only catch what they need .
Judge pays $240000 damages after he wrote semierotic poem for clerk .
Clerk Marcia Eisenhour worked with Court Judge Craig Storey 25 years .
She claimed he was possessive and asked if she was in a relationship .
Travellers are increasingly ignoring hotels for 'homes away from home'
Homestays with and without hosts are available for all budgets .
Sites like Homestay and AirBnb are catering to this different style of travel .
Manchester United Tottenham and Chelsea are all travelling abroad after the end of the Premier League season .
Arsene Wenger has decided not to extend Arsenal's summer tour .
The Gunners face relegation candidates Burnley on Saturday .
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed an afternoon off at a theme park .
Spanish duo donned shades as they made the most of the rare sunshine .
It has certainly been a rollercoaster season for Manchester United .
United are third in the Premier League after an impressive recent run .
Data bosses were caught boasting their underhand tactics to reporters .
They admitted ignoring and official nocall list meant to protect vulnerable .
Said they couldn't be honest with people because they wouldn't answer .
David Light of Data Partnership revealed tactics used to coax information .
For 8p a record he also offered to sell information on people with pensions .
Footage shows threeyearold Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table .
But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from .
English subtitles detail his train of thought .
His mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens .
In the first four months of the year flight cancellations are up 20% over last .
Number of delays have also increased 7% up to 2427 so far this year .
According to EUclaim the worst offenders include: Monarch and EasyJet .
Vera Baird has allocated £500000 to be given to Victims First Northumbria .
Police and Crime Commissioner is a director at the newly setup charity .
Chief Constable Sue Sim is also on the organisation's board of directors .
Critics have accused Northumbria Police of creating 'its own soap opera'
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their back gardens .
Only a quarter of those who do admitted seeing the animals frequently .
Wildlife survey suggested the small British mammal is in huge decline .
There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs in the country .
Study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised .
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be 5x faster than 3G .
But actual figure is actually only 2.5x faster  14.7 megabits per second .
Out of the networks EE was fastest followed by Vodafone O2 and Three .
Amir Khan has rejected a £5million fight with Kell Brook in June .
Khan claims that Brook only wants to fight him for 'one big payday'
Brook will struggle to fight one of boxing's big names according to Khan .
Khan says Brook is nowhere near Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao .
WATCH HERE: Mayweather vs Pacquiao official advert released .
Freddie Roach: Pacquiao better equipped to beat Mayweather than  in 2010 .
CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
Milton Vieira Severiano was filmed killing his wife Cicera Alves de Sen .
The savage act took place in the garden of their Rio de Janeiro house .
He later confessed the crime to police who found guns in his getaway car .
Weald Basin estimated to contain 100billion barrels of oil new report says .
UK Oil & Gas Investments claims the site could supply 30% of UK's needs .
If the maximum amount of oil is extracted it will be worth £600billion .
But some experts warn the site in Sussex will be difficult to exploit .
Isis released images showing graves being destroyed on social media .
Group said graves above ground showed dead closer to Allah than living .
This meant that they must be destroyed the terrorist organisation argued .
Stacey Tipler 33 and partner Scott Chaplin 34 are already in jail for thefts .
Tipler stole money from Royal Marsden NHS Trust over several months .
Cash she spent on designer handbags and wedding was for cancer drugs .
Tipler was ordered to pay pay back just £28737 within six months or spend another 18 months in prison. She is already serving four years .
Chaplin claimed he 'made nothing' but was ordered to repay £115000 .
'Boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by opposite sex .
Girls in single sex education don't have to worry about impressing boys .
Comments made by head of Wycombe Abbey School in Buckinghamshire .
Come after calls for boys to be taught separately in state schools .
Jody FarleyBerens helps single parents who are battling cancer .
FarleyBerens saw the need firsthand through her childhood friend .
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for 2015 CNN Heroes .
Jesper Blomqvist was part of Manchester United's treble winning side .
The midfielder rejected Sir Alex Feruguson's first approach before signing .
The Swede spent two years out injured before moving to Everton .
Blomqvist now lectures with his brother to help people handle setbacks .
The 41yearold is playing for United's legends against Bayern Munich's at Old Trafford on June 14 in a charity match for the club foundation .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Victim Shelley Williams accused attacker of having affair with her partner .
Kate Temple and sister Louise Scollen got into a scuffle with Miss Williams .
Williams was left covered in blood after Temple bit off a part of her ear .
Police found missing chunk the next day. Temple was jailed for 20 months .
Swiss Professor JeanPierre Wolf is pioneering the use of lasers to affect the weather .
He suggests lasers could also be used to limit the impact of climate change .
Yulia Tarbath 33 continued regular workouts and raw vegan diet .
Returned to starting weight of 8st just two weeks after birth .
Baby daughter weighed 7lb 5oz and Yulia says she'd do it all again .
Experts say leading vegan lifestyle is unhealthy during pregnancy .
Ronald Anderson 48 was arrested and charged for the crime spree .
Anderson was previously convicted of manslaughter and arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend .
The kidnapped woman was found safe  she may be related to suspect .
The guard Lawrence Buckner died at a hospital in Cheverly Maryland .
Officer and suspect both conscious when they were taken for medical care .
Guard saw two people fighting in a car that matched the description of a vehicle described in a report of an armed kidnapping .
Incident took place at gate of U.S. Census Bureau in Suitland Maryland .
Claims of gang rape and physical abuse at Qld orphanage have emerged .
Allegations came out during Royal Commission hearing in Rockhampton .
One woman said she was allegedly raped with a broom handle by abuser .
Same victim claimed she became pregnant at 14 after she was gang raped .
While a retired nurse said she had been punched and slapped repeatedly .
A third victim said she was raped more than 100 times by a parish priest .
The sentencing phase in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial begins in a federal court in Boston .
Prosecutor shows pictures of the four victims and Tsarnaev flipping his middle finger .
Victims testify about the impact of the bombing on their lives .
Waheed Ahmed 21 detained alongside eight family members in Turkey .
Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed's son accused of fleeing to Syria .
He was arrested in Turkish border town with family including four children .
Will return to UK on a flight to Manchester from Dalaman later this evening .
Rare bird was heading from South America to breeding grounds in Alaska .
Large shorebird  with long beak and spindly legs   last seen in UK in 1988 .
Over the weekend more than 1000 twitchers had lined the water's edge .
England close day one of first Test against West Indies on 341 for five .
Ian Bell scored his 22nd Test match century to lead the recovery .
England fell to 34 for three having lost the toss and been put into bat .
Jonathan Trott fell for a duck on his return to the England team .
Alastair Cook and Gary Ballance also fell cheaply in Antigua .
Bell put on 177 for the fourth wicket with Joe Root (83)
Ben Stokes unbeaten on 71 after 130run fifthwicket stand with Bell .
Bell edged behind off Kemar Roach late in the day and was out for 143 .
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad to make a toast at her wedding .
The song poked fun at marriage and had the wedding guests in stitches .
But the song was also a tribute to their late father Peter .
Peter passed away of Motor Neuron Disease 10 years ago .
'He'd have wanted everyone laughing and enjoying the day' says Amanda .
Manchester City were beaten 42 by Manchester United at Old Trafford .
Defeat leaves City fourth in Premier League four points behind Man United .
Man City desperately need to strengthen an ageing squad in the summer .
And it remains to be see whether City will stick with Manuel Pellegrini .
But the biggest challenge could be keeping hold of Sergio Aguero .
Argentine scored a brace against United to take his tally for City to 100 .
Sally Kohn: Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics .
She says marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law .
The 'Kate effect' has seen rise in profits of British fashion house Seraphine .
Duchess of Cambridge has worn high street label during both pregnancies .
Popular choices include £195 cashmere coat and a £46 fuchsia wrap dress .
Fans now camping outside St Mary's Hospital awaiting birth of royal baby .
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100000aweek deal at Liverpool .
Chelsea Arsenal and Bayern Munich are interested in the 20yearold .
Jose Mourinho says he would sell any player who did not want to stay .
Brendan Rodgers has confirmed that Sterling will start against Arsenal .
Kolo Toure believes his teammate should remain at Anfield .
Rachael Bishop 19 at first pleaded with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the Lynnwood Washington store .
But as he ignored her and reached into the till she punched him in the head multiple times .
He punched her back and stole $280 but she still chased after him .
Other people saw Bishop tailing the robber and followed helping police arrest the man  who was a wanted felon for forgery .
Bishop said she loves her bosses and fighting back was 'just a reaction'
Awardwinning artist has created tribute to loved ones killed by asbestos .
The installation unveiled in London contains over 50 heartbreaking notes .
More than 5000 people die from asbestosrelated diseases each year .
Sudan is guarded day and night by rangers to keep him from poachers .
His horn has been removed to stop it being lost to illegal trade .
Rhino horn fetching as much as £47000 per kilo as demand grows .
Patrons at the Masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price .
Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the parfive second .
Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique .
TV presenter said sister Debbie had contacted family to say she was safe .
She said: 'I can barely speak and I'm still quite numb. It's an awful situation'
Says her sister may have been airlifted from the mountain this morning .
Alastair Cook has gone 33 Test innings without hitting a century .
The 30yearold remains England's leading century maker despite blip .
Cook has been watching old footage of himself to study his technique .
Usain Bolt wants to beat own 200metre record by running sub 19 seconds .
Bolt had injuries last season as Justin Gatlin dominated sprint scene .
But Jamaican insists when he is fit he is almost impossible to beat .
Debris landed on Paula Viccica's property in West Pittston Pennsylvania .
She said she saw bits of paper falling from the sky for several minutes .
Homeowner believes the debris came from a plane flying overhead .
She filed a complaint with the Federal Aviation Administration .
Paula said she wants an assurance 'that it does not pose a danger'
Ken Broskey Livonia Michigan has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care .
Instead he has taken a job with Uber to earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house .
Roland Gainer a college student started a GoFundMe page for Broskey after meeting him which has almost reached its $95000 goal .
Uber is also donating $1 to the page when people write UberPartnerKen into their app when requesting a ride this weekend .
Imran Uddin 25 used a keyboard spying device to obtain staff passwords .
Finalyear student hacked into exam system and upped his own marks .
He increased one of his bioscience grades from 57 per cent to 73 per cent .
Uddin admitted breaking Computer Misuse Act and was jailed for 4 months .
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence .
On 15 April 1989 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death at Hillsborough .
Match at Anfield took place two days before 26th anniversary .
Former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur laid flowers at memorial .
Chelsea set to spend most days at top in a single Premier League season .
Manchester United currently top the list with 262 days in 1993/94 .
Jose Mourinho's side have been top for 230 days so far this season .
Could set a record of 272 days if they stay top until end of this campaign .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Jessica EnnisHill  second to Tatyana Chernova in 2011 Championships .
Chernova has since been found to have failed a test in 2009 .
She has been banned but her 2011 World Championship title still remains .
Steven Abberley threw marbles during PMQs but they hit a security screen .
He stood up and shouted 'you are all just liars' before the bizarre attack .
Abberley 28 also spray painted graffiti on a wall outside the public gallery .
He was given suspended sentences for threatening behaviour and criminal damage .
Russian supermodel 29 joins Jarrod Scott for Linda Farrow eyewear shoot .
Pair are filmed lustfully eyeing each other up around a swimming pool .
Newlysingle Irina looks flawless emerging from the water .
Styles include frosted pastels and liquid gold frames .
30yearold Duke of Wellington fought Tipu Sultan as an army general in 1799 .
Tipu was killed in the defeat and soldiers plundered the city and palace for jewels and riches .
Modern British collector was 'obsessed with' Sultan acquiring works over 30 years .
Sale of his collection could fetch £1million with personal gun tipped to get £150000 alone .
A letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth when he was 16yearsold has surfaced which reinforces his nice guy image .
Six years ago the PGA golfer was on a scholarship at Jesuit High School in Dallas which was funded by the Murphy family who he thanks in his letter .
'Thanks again for your kindness' wrote the then number one junior golfer in the country in his best handwriting .
Spieth won countless plaudits following Sunday's Masters victory not just for his golf but also his humble attitude .
Madonna posted photograph of Margaret Thatcher before later deleting it .
56yearold pop star uploaded image and 'thanked' former Prime Minister .
She quickly deleted the post after getting barrage of abuse from gay fans .
The Dallas native will play alongside Justin Rose in the final pairing .
Has set a scoring record for the first 54 holes of 16 under par .
Finished runnerup last year and is now determined to win .
Is first player since Greg Norman in 1996 to have lead after each round .
Zhou Qunfei born in poverty in rural China and started work on shop floor .
Quickly promoted before she set up her own company at age of 22 .
Her company went public on March 18 and her shares worth £4.9 billion .
Patented scratchpersistent glass was inspired by rainfall on lotus leaves .
Motherwell will offer free entry to their regular fans if they end up in playoff .
But SPFL are entitled to 50 per cent of gate proceeds from the games .
Motherwell will make stand and offer free tickets in event of finishing 11th .
Rangers and Hibernian will back the club's stance against the SPFLÂ .
Wigan winger Dom Manfredi scored a hattrick of tries on Thursday night .
Warriors announced resigning of Sam Tomkins at halftime during derby .
Ben Flower returned from sixmonth ban for punching Lance Hohaia .
Rachel Sandridge 29 from Maryland says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful it was discovered .
Sandridge was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs .
News was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer .
She is now cancer free and has dropped 10 dress sizes .
Kym Ackerman saw Jesus in xray of leftside molar at dentist in Flagstaff .
Ackerman 32 pointed the special tooth out to both dentist and hygienist .
She plans to frame the xray and keep the molar and her mouth cavityfree .
In the first recording an unidentified officer talks to Slager about what might happen .
The second audio captures a phone call between Slager and someone CNN believes is his wife .
Officers were on the hard shoulder of the M5 when they saw the caravan .
Were forced to dive out of the way when they saw its back window open .
Jumped to safety with seconds to spare before being decapitated .
Twelve felony cases 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers were dismissed .
Officers exchanged 'inexcusable' racist text messages police chief said .
Messages referred to 'killing n******' one said 'I'd have that noose ready'
Alvarez also created video featuring Obama sporting goldcapped teeth .
Other clips included pictures of attacks on minorities and use of Nword .
James Wells Jason Holding and Christopher Sousa were fired in March .
Colleague Alex Alvarez 22 resigned in late January during investigation .
Lyoto Machida is set to take on Luke Rockhold in UFC clash on Saturday .
Brazilian made weight by wearing a sauna suit beneath an electric blanket .
Former lightheavyweight champion is hoping to get another title shot .
Nyia Parler 41 allegedly left her 21yearold son in woods on Monday and traveled to Maryland .
On Tuesday she wrote 'I'm so happy' on Facebook .
Allegedly left her disabled son to fend for himself while she traveled for a romantic getaway with new boyfriend .
Her son was found under rainsoaked pile of leaves on Friday night and police say he would have died if passersby hadn't spotted him .
He was lying on the ground 10 feet from his wheelchair and a Bible .
Police have said that Parler has been admitted to hospital for an 'undisclosed condition'
She will face extradition and arrest in Pennsylvania on her release .
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarterfinal .
Pep Guardiola bidding to reach sixth semifinal in sixth year as a manager .
From 20052009 England had 12 out of 20 Champions League semifinalists .
In last five years only three semifinalists have been from Premier League .
Guardiola changed Barcelona tactically introducing relentless pressing .
Lionel Messi brought into it when Guardiola supported him against the club .
Premier League clubs have struggled to cope with that intensity in Europe .
Woman's body found in the water at Derby Motor Boat Club on Sunday .
Discovered just hours after children's Easter Egg hunt in the grounds .
A 65yearold man arrested in connection with her death has been bailed .
Police say they are treating unidentified woman's death as 'suspicious'
Joshua Vaughan 'stepped in front of a train' in Sheffield in January .
Joshua 17 had suffered issues with 'onoff' girlfriend inquest heard .
His girlfriend messaged his mother that 'he was going to end it'
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details .
Randy Linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused $1million in damages to a suburban Toledo Ohio mosque .
He is now in a California prison and says he 'can't believe' what he did .
Prosecutors said he drove two hours from his home and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire .
He said that being forgiven would give him 'a little bit of peace of mind'
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade who refused to leave his office when the fight broke out .
McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting police officer .
Mayor was holding a letter that would have placed all city employees with the exception of dispatch on paid administrative leave .
McDade has been arrested before for domestic violence and for obstructing the government process at the scene of a fire .
Matthew Hall 25 from Manchester got off on terrorising female victims .
He targeted single women in their homes in an upscale Manchester area .
Jailed two years after pleading guilty to burglary and attempted burglary .
Hall repeat offender climbed balconies and hid himself in their bedrooms .
A mother of two  admits she has a favourite child because of his smell .
Amie Cox says son Alex has had ' a smell since he was born'
She says 'there's some sort of smell connection' with him .
She loves him and his brother equally but Alex is the special one .
Amie says she couldn't choose one over another to live or die but favours Alex .
The 33yearold says she is being attacked and called 'a freak' but she's 'a normal loving Mum'
SBS Insight programme asks if sibling rivalry might lead to learning and mental health problems and whether family favouritism makes this worse .
Robbie Savage posted the snap on his Twitter showing his weight loss .
The pundit has been labeled as 'podgy' previously by some people .
Sportsmail's Laura Williamson once described Savage as 'marmite'
Joanna Goodall forged signatures for cash refunds at a Premier Inn .
Bosses noticed high level of refunds and CCTV which showed Goodall taking money from the till .
The pregnant 30yearold admitted thefts at Newcastle Crown Court .
Goodall of Newcastle was given a ninemonth suspended sentence .
Denise and Glen Higgs thought they'd never have children .
He was made infertile due to cancer treatment but they tried IVF .
Couple from of Braunton Devon had Mazy born three years ago .
Tried again using the same batch and had twins Carter & Carson last week .
The Fat Duck in Bray named as the eighth best restaurant in the world .
Dinner by Heston at London's Mandarin Oriental hotel makes it to top 25 .
Best restaurant in the world is Grant Achatz's Alinea Chicago .
The awards are voted for by readers of Elite Traveler magazine .
Stars Ray Liotta Robert De Niro Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance for Saturday's special 25th anniversary screening .
Not in attendance were director Martin Scorsese who was filming in Taiwan and Joe Pesci who had won an Oscar for his role in the 1990 movie .
'Joe Pesci couldn't be here but he sent this email: 'F*** f*** f*** f***ity f*** f***' read De Niro .
Scorsese sent a video message and recalled how the movie upset the owner of his then favorite NYC Italian restaurant .
Throughout the twoandahalfhour screening the audience cheered each major character's first appearance .
Jon Stewart then held a Q&A with the actors and Liotta recalled Henry Hill thanking him for 'not making me look like a s***bag'
West Ham have signed a new kit deal with Umbro starting next season .
They join Everton and Hull in wearing Umbro strips in Premier League .
Hammers wore Umbro kits during their glory days in the sixties .
They were last sponsored by the sports brand between 2007 and 2010 .
Scientists in Germany observed a jet erupting from comet 67P .
The event was captured by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft .
In images two minutes apart the jet appears on the dark side of the comet .
It may have formed when melting ice caused an explosion of material .
Slovenianborn Aljaz Bedene defeated Belgium's Arthur De Greef .
Bedene will face Jiri Vesely after beating Arthur De Greef in 70 minutes .
The 25yearold switched allegiance from Slovenia to Britain in March .
Redshirt freshman JC Jackson 19 was arrested on Saturday in Gainsville .
He and two men entered an acquaintance's apartment but Jackson left after the other men pulled out a gun and demanded money and drugs .
Jackson turned himself in after being identified in the police report .
He was booked into Alachua County Jail and held on a $150000 bond .
Police are still investigating the identities of the other suspects .
San Bernardino sheriff says 10 deputies have been put on leave .
Video from a news helicopter shows deputies punching and kicking a man repeatedly .
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool this summer .
The Burnley striker does not want to move just to sit on the bench .
Ings keen to work with a manager who will help him develop as a player .
Katie and Dalton met as patients dealing with cystic fibrosis .
Two years later they were married .
Dalton received a lung transplant but Katie is still waiting .
Rudy Guede 29 is currently serving a 16year sentence for the murder .
Ivorian says he will now seek a retrial after seeing Amanda Knox cleared .
Knox and exboyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the murder .
But the pair were sensationally cleared by Italy's highest court last month .
The boa constrictor is on the loose on Queensland's Gold Coast .
Police released it into the wild because they thought it was a python .
Snake catcher Tony Harrison said it was probably imported illegally .
Fears that if the snake is pregnant up to 30 live young could also be loose .
Pauline McKee thought she hit it big when she put a penny in an Iowa slot machine and the game announced she won a $41.8m bonus award .
But the state supreme court ruled the game's rules state it only allows a maximum award of $10000  and does not allow for bonus awards .
During an investigation it was discovered the machine had a software glitch causing the game's erroneous bonus messages .
Court ruled that McKee only won $1.85 based on how game's symbols aligned .
Picture believed to be sole image of Civil War ship revealed to be a fake .
John Potter from Savannah admitted forging it with his brother in the 80s .
Image part of the unofficial history of the ship was never authenticated .
Faked using a fishing pole and a Styrophome model from a historical film .
Lynne Briggs only applied for one school  because it is only 150 yards away .
But her daughter Charlotte has instead been offered place  two miles away .
Her mother says she must leave job because she faces four hours on bus .
Council says Mrs Briggs wrongly assumed child was in a 'feeder school'
As a result despite being in catchment area Charlotte was refused place .
Gary Player considers Tiger Woods Grand Slam at 24 as best golfing feat .
South African will attend his 58th Masters this week at Augusta National .
Player is excited at the prospect of Rory McIlroy joining exclusive club .
McIlroy could become only the sixth player to win all four majors .
A routine scan showed Danielle Davis' baby had a cyst on her brain .
She refused a termination but baby Daisy was later born with no eyes .
Suffers from rare condition called Anopthalmia meaning a lack of eyes .
Daisy will never be able to see but cosmetic glass eyes could be fitted .
UCLA study found the Pill shrinks two parts of the brain linked to emotion .
Synthetic hormones found in the contraceptive are thought to be to blame .
Believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive episodes .
Man United and Man City have over 8million followers each on Weibo .
Both clubs have more followers on the Chinese website than Twitter .
Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao are the third most followed club .
Barcelona are fourth but Real Madrid are down in 18th place .
Five Premier League clubs feature in the top 12 on Weibo .
Interactive map on Twitter followers around the world .
Ruth Davison of the National Housing Federation is a critic of Tory plan .
She  bought Islington house for £440000 in 2005 now worth £1million .
Antiright to buy Ms Davison is also a member of her local Labour party .
Tournament performances have restored Andy Murray to World No 3 .
But it's wedding to Kim Sears that takes Murray's  No 1 spot this week .
Murray is due to marry fiancée Sears in Dunblane this coming Saturday .
There are believed to be well over 100 names on downtoearth guest list .
Victoria Ayling said she spent five months nursing son back to health .
Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd has launched investigation .
He raised questions over whether she misrepresented her son's situation .
She is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby and denies claims .
Twiglet the bedlington lurcher had a bad trip after accidentally eating drugs .
He found the narcotics lying on the ground near the village bus stop .
Twiglet's symptoms included hallucinating seizures and hyper salivating .
His owner is urging pet owners to be careful about what their dogs pick up .
Edwin 'Jock' Mee 45 allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 .
He was British Army recruiting sergeant at Mitcham Barracks in Croydon .
Court heard he isolated alleged victims from overseas and abused them .
Were allegedly threatened with deportation if they did not submit to him .
One woman a virgin in her 20s fell pregnant after rape in waiting room .
Divorcee Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault and three counts of rape .
Critically acclaimed series "Orphan Black" returns .
"Turn: Washington's Spies" starts a second season .
"Game of Thrones" is back for season five .
Wendy L. Patrick PhD is the author of Red Flags: How to Spot Frenemies Underminers and Toxic People .
Dr Patrick has outlined the five reasons the we fell for Belle Gibson's story .
Belle Gibson released a book and app about how she beat terminal cancer .
This week she finally admitted she never actually had cancer .
She explains that there is a bit of Belle in all of us as we are born to bond .
'We were Belle´s cheerleaders as she recounted her fight against cancer'
French owned Sovetours coach turned back from boarding ferry in Devon .
Bus full of tourists had wanted to cross the River Dart in Dartmouth .
Ferry bosses say coach was too big to be allowed to cross river .
Coach driver forced to perform Uturn on slippery narrow slipway .
Chloe Owens 27 from Swanley designed new app Bump 2 Breast .
Came up with idea when pregnant with daughter Lola now three months .
Says her and husband David felt like 'rabbits in headlights' at first .
Also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .
Charlesetta Taylor 79 may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of St. Louis .
This so the city can make way for a campus for the National GeospatialIntelligence Agency .
The city may also tear down 49 other homes to make sure the NGA does not leave the city and take the 3000 jobs it provides .
There are three other sites being looked at that would not displace as many people .
Roar the film that took 11 years to create and was originally released in cinemas 1981 is being rereleased at some cinemas in the US in April .
Film features Noel Marshall his reallife partner Tippi Hedren and their kids James Marshall and Melanie Griffith .
Family lived alongside 150 untamed animals in order to make movie .
'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family' says James in a new interview .
Injuries to the crew included a broken leg gangrene and large wounds with James needing six men to pull a lion off him at one point .
Oliver Minatel a 22yearold player from Brazil was attacked from behind he says .
Witnesses say suspect tried to choke him with the cord from his headphones .
Team says forward is OK will play Saturday night suspect was taken for evaluation .
Christian Benteke is currently paid £50000 per week at Aston Villa .
The Belgium striker has two years left on his current contract .
Wolfsburg have been keeping tabs on the Villa forward .
James Wilson reveals what he would take from each Man United striker .
The 19yearold would take Wayne Rooney's freekick taking ability .
Wilson would like to add Robin van Persie's movement to his own game .
While he would like to harness Radamel Falcao's predatory instincts .
Man Utd sacked Moyes one year ago... what has Van Gaal changed since?
READ: Manchester United Gareth Bale to give his side needed dynamism .
Aimee Craven 32 took home Tesco product after spotting it on train .
She had been travelling from Hull to work in Brough East Yorkshire .
Police used CCTV footage to track down mother and questioned her .
Miss Craven has been told it's likely she will receive caution for theft .
Trip included Brian Lufty 52 of Montreal his stepson Sebastien and son Jason friend Neil Janna 51 and his two sons Jesse and Josh .
They made the trip in three days crossing over five states to visit original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken in Corbin Kentucky .
Lufty visited Harland Sanders Cafe the first time in 1985 and again in 1995 .
While at the restaurant they ordered their fried chicken and brought their own plates silverware glasses artificial flowers and candles for the table .
Cubanborn Kathy Ferreiro's curves have attracted fans on social media .
Bikiniloving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .
Miamibased party girl is hoping to become next Kim Kardashian .
Has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .
Amazing pictures show a millipede stretching as it tries to escape a tiny hungry weaver ant much smaller than itself .
The weaver ant shows incredible strength as it throws around its large prey and cleverly balances the centipede .
Student Frenki Jung 17 from Sambas Borneo captured dramatic images He shot the closeups in his front garden .
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the colossal snow walls .
The 1000ft section can be walked by visitors and usually draws a million tourists every year .
The snowy section is part of a 37km route with sights such as Kurobe Dam and the Hida Mountains on the way .
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo 42 shares her talents with images of the Northern Lights and other locations .
The teacher of photography and postproduction teaches courses all over Italy and recently visited Iceland .
She reveals some tips on the best way to capture the Northern Lights and night skies in all their glory .
Jack Wilshere was joined by former England manager Glenn Hoddle .
The Arsenal midfielder interviewed  Pele at launch of 10Ten Talent .
Pele scored 77 goals in 92 games for Brazil and won three World Cups .
The Brazil legend says the 2014 World Cup performance was not expected .
The hosts were humiliated 71 by Germany in the semifinals last summer .
Pele is however not surprised by reaction of Oscar and Ramires this year .
Harry Kane has been in superb form for Tottenham this season netting 30 goals for the club while also scoring on his senior England debut .
FA chairman Greg Dyke has revealed that Kane wants to play for England's Under 21s side at the European Championships this summer .
However Tottenham are concerned about the striker overplaying .
A powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta and crews searched for at least four people missing in the waters .
Dauphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier said that at least one person was confirmed dead but he did not know the cause .
'It's been a very tragic day' Michael Smith with the Buccaneer yacht club .
The identities of those who are dead and missing have not yet been revealed .
Queen's Club will host Great Britain's quarter final against France in July .
Andy Murray and GB captain Leon Smith were keen to play at Queen's .
Tie is five days after Wimbledon finishes so could not be played at SW19 .
Navinder Sarao lived in parents' modest  home in suburban West London .
Thousands of his 'highfrequency trades' could be faster than City dealers .
36yearold amassed over £26million in just four years living at their house .
He is accused of using computer programs to create 'spoof' transactions .
Current Man Utd boss Louis van Gaal was in charge of Bayern Munich from 2009 to 2011 .
Franck Ribery considered leaving after Van Gaal lost his trust .
'He does great things on the pitch but the coach Van Gaal was a bad man.'
Van Gaal is currently impressing as Manchester United manager .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Peterson has been banned since September 17 after child abuse case involving his fouryearold son and a switch .
He played just one game for the Vikings last year and was due to be reinstated on April 15 .
But the NFL have moved that date forward and the 2012 running back will know more about his future .
The Vikings have repeatedly said they want to keep the 30yearold who is due to earn $12.75m this year .
But the Cowboys and the  Cardinals have been linked with Peterson and the former have made some intriguing roster moves to free up cap space .
Police have come across a car covered in chili peppers .
The car was parked on the side of a busy street in Hornsby .
According to Facebook users it is a regular occurance .
'I didn't do anything wrong but they still got rid of me' Rose McGrath 12 of battle Creek Michigan said tearfully of her dismissal .
St. Joseph's Middle School sent a letter to Rose McGrath dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance .
Rose McGrath was diagnosed with luekemia in 2012 and even though she just finished her treatment she still feels ill a lot of the time .
'When I'm at home I'm sick I don't feel well no one else does that. But when I'm at school I'm like everyone else' Rose McGrath said .
Kevin Dixon took his friend's Akita dog for a walk when she was injured .
He hacked the animal to death hitting it seven times with an axe at night .
Dixon claimed he was concerned the dog would go on to bite children .
He was convicted of causing the animal unnecessary suffering and given a seven week suspended jail sentence and banned from keeping animals .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Bournemouth secured promotion on Monday with victory against Bolton .
Eddie Howe has put Bournemouth on map after leading them to top flight .
Jamie Redknapp always believed Howe was destined for success .
Millionaire businessman backs Labour's plan to scrap 'nondom' status .
He said: 'I never thought any party would have courage to do this'
Just last week he publicly backed the Tories over their economic record .
A new TSA report advises against full screening of airport workers .
The report says such measures would not lower the overall risk to the public .
Robert Ambercrombie a professional wrestler shot video outside home .
Tied son James's tooth to the back of his muscle car before driving off .
String pulled wobbly front tooth straight out of the eightyearolds mouth .
Mr Abercrombie said son had been begging him to perform DIY removal .
Midfielder fires a warning to his detractors that he is now back to his best .
Iniesta ran from his own half to set up Neymar's opener in 20 win .
World Cup winner had recorded zero assists this season prior to Tuesday .
Neymar and Andres Iniesta star men for Barca in 20 win over PSG .
Orlando City have not won any of their last three MLS fixtures .
Kaka took to Instagram to give fans a glimpse of his fitness regime .
The Brazilian has become an instant hero in the US after leaving AC Milan .
Orlando City take on the Portland Timbers on Sunday .
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition with Amy Pascal .
When the director is asked if he has anything to show Pascal from his new movie Aloha he responds 'Does Bruce Jenner want boobs? Hell yes'
Aloha which stars Emma Stone and Bradley Cooper was blasted in a previously leaked email by Pascal .
Darren Bent said he'll wait until the season's end to decide on his future .
Villa striker becomes a free agent at the end of this campaign with Derby .
Bent's been on loan with Brighton Fulham and Derby most recently .
He was out of favour with Paul Lambert but could return for Tim Sherwood .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .
White House weighing whether Obama should meet with Raul Castro .
A serious congressional ripple effect from the Menendez indictment?
It's decision time for GOP operatives as the 2016ers get ready to launch .
Fatherofone Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club .
Footage shows prospective parliamentary candidate trying to touch her .
Staff at the east London club said Nawaz had been pestering girl all night .
Nawaz can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact  which is against venue's policy .
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell 18 has been missing since March 2 when she was home in Norfolk while on spring break from Longwood University .
Remains were found in Franklin 40 miles from Norfolk on Thursday and they are being taken to the medical examiner's office for identification .
Her stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested after breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance and claims he was looking for AJ .
He has insisted that he doesn't know where she is .
Pensioner Alan Spencer's life was saved by his 18month old Labrador Lexi .
The 67yearold began choking on pickled onion and felt life 'slipping away'
But Lexi jumped on his back  dislodging the onion and saving his life .
An earlier version of this article stated that Lexi the labrador had saved Mr Spencer's live by performing the Heimlich manoeuvre. In fact the dog jumped on his back to clear the blockage. Heimlich involves applying sudden strong pressure on the abdomen which was not the case in this instance. We are happy to clarify this.
Police arrest demonstrators near Union Square in New York .
Protests also held in Washington Minneapolis and Boston .
Candice Bergen's competition for her dad's affection was not with a sibling  it was with his iconic sidekick dummy Charlie McCarthy .
'Charlie had his own bedroom next to mine – and his was bigger'
She and French director Louis Malle had been 'crazy in love'
Her role on Murphy Brown made her a fortune .
Real estate developer second husband was suffocating and she reacted with tiny tantrums.
She's packed on 30 pound and says  ‘No carb is safe – no fat either’
Rone Odendaal 24 took pictures of two lions hunting an elderly buffalo .
Beast managed to escape hunters' clutches but headed straight for road .
In its desperation the animal ran straight into the side Ms Odendaal's car .
A recent surge in jellyfish numbers has been recorded off the coast of the UK as the weather has warmed up .
Stay In Cornwall has been moved to reassure swimmers that going in the water is safe even with some jellyfish .
NHSapproved method of treating jellyfish stings is now shaving cream not urine or vinegar as previously though .
Free app is available on Facebook Android iOS and on desktop browsers .
It starts with four squares and asks you to identify the different shade .
Board grows to up to 81 squares and differentiation is subtle each time .
And a score of 31 or above is a considered a sign of 'great eyesight'
England Women's Under 19's came from behind to secure impressive win .
Mo Marley's side smashed nine past Northern Ireland Womens Under 19s .
Manchester City striker Natasha Flint bagged a firsthalf hattrick in the win .
However it is still touch and go as to whether England qualify for Euros .
Man 50 allegedly rammed into home northwest of Brisbane on Monday night .
Police say driver climbed out of vehicle and stabbed a man to death .
Five people were inside including a woman believed to be man's expartner .
Driver was charged with murder and string of other charges .
University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you .
Limited periods of stress are good as they release cortisol .
This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations .
But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile .
Set on 200 acres near Bridgnorth Shropshire the Chyknell Hall Estate also boasts a tennis court and wine cellar .
The Grade IIlisted Regency home at the centre of the property offers 11 bedrooms a library and a billiard room .
It is thought it could attract Alist buyers as the secluded grounds and gardens offer residents complete privacy .
Transsexual Kellie was formerly boxing promoter Frank Maloney 61 .
She has completed her sex change and is at home recovering .
Tweeted to her fans: 'Still very sore and got pain but in good health'
Started transition to change gender two years ago and has now completed .
SeaWorld Florida accused of drugging its performing killer whales .
Lawsuit alleges park's pools are so shallow the orcas get sunburned .
Accuse staff of painting over killer whales' injuries and burns .
Claims marine park use chlorine 'many times stronger than bleach'
The NuvaRing is one of the most popular birth control products on the market .
Lawsuit cites "a heightened risk of blood clots associated with the use of NuvaRing"
Maker: "There is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of NuvaRing"
Sim Bhullar is set to sign a 10day contract with the Sacramento Kings .
The 22yearold will become the NBA's first player of Indian descent .
Bhullar will be on the roster when the Kings host New Orleans Pelicans .
Jamie Silvonek 14 was charged as adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy in her mother's stabbing death .
Silvonek's 20yearold boyfriend Army Spc. Caleb Barnes is accused of stabbing teen's mother in the neck March 15 .
'She threatened to throw me out of the house. I want her gone. ... 'Just do it' Silvonek allegedly texted Barnes .
Cheryl Silvonek's body was buried in shallow grave near her home in Pennsylvania .
Affidavit states Silvonek and Barnes when to a restaurant after the stabbing and then drove to Walmart to buy gloves and bleach .
Police found victim's bloodsoaked car submerged in a pond and traced it to Silvonek family .
Silvonek's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother and claimed she was coerced .
NAC Breda let slip a twogoal lead sending boss Robert Maaskant wild .
Their manager was so upset with what he'd seen he PUNCHED the dugout .
The game on Saturday ended 22 against lastplaced team FC Dordrecht .
41yearold motheroftwo has battled back from injury .
Will take part in London Marathon on Sunday but won't race competitively .
She set marathon world record on the course in 2003 .
But also suffered embarrassment with loo stop in 2005 event .
'Suicide note' was played to court in Dublin as her carer goes on trial .
Bernadette Forde 51 had been given green light to travel to Dignitas clinic .
Carer Gail O'Rorke charged with assisting suicide by helping to buy drugs .
Convicted killer Brett Matthew Paul Thomas now 56 has been denied parole and cannot reapply for seven years .
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas and his friend Mark Titch were convicted in 1977 after committing four  murders during robbery attempts .
Lynette Duncan one of the surviving daughters of a victim said that the day her mother died she learned that 'the boogeyman was real'
LeBron James posted an unhappy picture at the dentist on Instagram .
His visit to the dentist's chair follows his first tripledouble for Cleveland .
James brought 20 points 10 rebounds and 12 assists in win over Chicago .
Iraqi officials say Izzat Ibrahim alDouri 72 has died in fighting in Tikrit .
He was one of Saddam Hussein's most trusted henchmen in Ba'ath Party .
Was one of the most highprofile officials to evade capture after invasion .
Had a $10m bounty on his head and was one of the US's most wanted men .
Three million condoms seized in Shanghai thought to be worth £1.3m .
Tests found they contained toxic metals that could be danger to health .
Police uncovered a large network operating across eight provinces .
Officers said lubricating oil used at one workshop made them feel sick .
Laura Bernardini is a lifelong Catholic but had never read the Bible from cover to cover .
For the next year she's going to read every word from Genesis to Revelation .
Svetlana Lokhova worked in the London office of Russian firm Sberbank .
Tribunal found she was driven to breakdown by bullying male colleagues .
Falsely branded 'Crazy Miss Cokehead' even though she didn't take drugs .
She has now been awarded £3.2 million for sexual harassment by tribunal .
An eBay listing posted Friday showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez and identifying information including height and weight .
The listing claiming ID was from Soffolk County Jail was deleted Saturday .
No bids had been put on the listing which had a starting price of $500 .
Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd .
The opening of The Championships have been delayed after heavy rain .
The $10 million program will be moved to Monday instead .
Punters will be able to use tickets they purchased for the Saturday event .
Monday's Warrick Farm card will be moved to Wednesday .
While the Wednesday program has been completely abandoned .
Reports suggest Sandra Malcolm's body was mutilated by her attackers .
Pensioner originally from Dundee was found at her home in Cape Town .
Her grandson made the discovery after climbing through a window when nobody answered the door .
Doctors and nurses have criticised Ashya's parents in BBC documentary .
Consultant warns case  which saw parents ignore medical advice to take Ashya to Prague for proton beam therapy  could set a worrying precedent .
NHS agreed to pay for Ashya's treatment and family now say he is cured .
Craig Lynch 34 is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies .
He has taken a series of audacious selfportraits posted on social media .
According to a friend he is using Facebook to make huge online profits .
It's claimed he is selling legal highs and investing in overseas properties .
Mohammad Shatnawi scored a bizzare own goal in the Jordanian league .
His Al Faisaly side were a goal down against rivals Al Whidat .
He made a brave block but overhead kicked the rebound into his own net .
Police discovered the body of a female at a national park on Friday .
It is believed to be the remains of teacher Stephanie Scott 26 .
The body had been burnt and a gasoline can was found nearby .
Vincent Stanford a cleaner at her school has been charged with murder .
Stanford's family led police to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith .
Forensic testing will be carried out on the remains of the body .
Ms Scott was due to marry her partner Aaron LeesonWoolley on Saturday .
Temperatures dipped into the mid30s during 4 days man lay in woods of Philadelphia park .
Mom told police son was with her in Maryland but he was found Friday with blanket Bible .
Victim being treated for malnutrition dehydration mother faces host of charges after extradition .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings prevented a goalbound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths with his hand during the Scottish Cup semifinal .
He did not face any punishment in the match which Caley Thistle went on to win 32 after extratime .
Celtic have since complained to the SFA about the incident .
A call to ban Meekings from the final will be contested by Inverness .
Two people treated at the scene after 'Boris Buses' crash in Goodge Street .
An Audi TT sports car was also involved in the fourvehicle collision .
The road was closed near the junction with Tottenham Court Road .
Eyewitness: At one point 15 buses stuck in queues before diverting area .
Viewers took to Twitter to argue over the colour of Nicola Sturgeon's dress .
Miss Sturgeon's dress appeared blue in some lights and green in others .
Others thought she was wearing a grey dress during last night's debate .
The first #thedress debate was sparked by Scottish student Caitlin McNeill .
Tottenham manager wants to speak to FA over Harry Kane's involvement in the U21 European Championships .
Spurs striker is available despite breaking into England senior squad .
Kane and Spurs will travel to Australia and Malaysia for postseason tour .
Christopher Stefanoni's son was pushed into lowranking team in 2010 .
Followed father's plans for apartment complexes in Darien Connecticut which included affordable housing .
Stefanoni has filed lawsuit claiming townsfolk turned on son to punish him .
Darien a wealthy New York City suburb has a median income of $200000 .
The town is 94 per cent white with only 70 black residents  0.33 per cent .
Little League and the town both deny there is any connection .
Thomas Bjorn's wayward shot flew into crowd of spectators .
Ball flew into lap of female fan but was able to take free drop .
Tom Watson hit shot of the day from greenside bunker .
Masters 2015 golf: Friday's teeoff times at Augusta National .
CLICK HERE to follow the day two Masters 2015 action .
Pregnant Rebecca Adlington 26 has struggled with her changing shape .
She can't wait to regain her prepregnancy figure and feel herself again .
The gold medal swimmer also revealed she is planning a water birth .
The woman who will be identified once she is charged came forward on Thursday night after the baby was found in a South Carolina dumpster .
Police were looking for the woman after the hours old infant was found in the dumpster struggling to breathe on Thursday afternoon .
Austin Detray and his brother found the newborn in a plastic bag and said she was suffocating he also found the umbilical cord and placenta inside .
Baby girl is listed in stable condition in hospital and the woman will be charged once she is released from hospital .
Tottenham have shown an interest in Marseille forward Andre Ayew .
The Ghana international is being chased by host of European clubs .
Ayew fits into Tottenham's blueprint and can move for free in the summer .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham news .
Manny Pacquiao's early life is portrayed in a new film called Kid Kulafu .
The film is named after bottles of wine the boxer collected as a child .
It charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first steps in the ring .
Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 .
Police seized Rafi 10 and Dvora 6 in a Maryland park on Sunday and their parents say they weren't reunited by CPS for hours .
Scientists Danielle and Alexander Meitiv believe in 'free range parenting' meaning the children are afforded total independence from infancy .
The Meitivs were found guilty of neglect in March. After Sunday's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday .
Red Devils squad head down to London on Friday ahead of showdown .
United have won six straight games prior to their meeting with the Blues .
But Louis van Gaal will travel to Stamford Bridge without several key men .
Phil Jones Marcos Rojo Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are all sidelined .
United captain Wayne Rooney may have to revert back to holding midfield .
BBC foreign correspondent Malcolm Brabant had a yellow fever vaccine .
24 hours later he had been reduced to a sweating shivering wreck .
Had a fever for two weeks then psychosis: 'I went completely bonkers'
Spent two years in and out of mental institutions unable to work .
Even attempted suicide but has fortunately made a full recovery .
Mike Lane was beaten by masked protesters armed with iron bars on ropes .
Attack happened as 30 riders and hounds were chasing artificial scent .
Wiltshire Police handed video footage and some names of saboteurs .
Decision by police to drop probe branded 'pathetic' by 40yearold .
Meaghan KeelerPettigrew Stuart Bradin: U.S. must rethink special forces .
United States is spreading foreign military assistance too thin they say .
An Indiana public school performance of American Pie ended in tragedy Wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced onstage .
More than a dozen people were injured at the Westfield High performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .
Students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta in record fashion on Sunday .
He was pictured at the top of the Empire State Building in his green jacket .
Spieth spoke of the Masters legacy and how missing out drove him on .
Bruce Jenner's second wife Linda Thompson says she learned of his "gender issues" during their marriage .
She says she can breathe easier now that he can be "who he authentically is"
In a 2012 video bus monitor and grandmother Karen Huff Klein 68 wiped away tears as she was verbally abused by middle school students .
One of the bullies has been accused this week of forcing a special needs student to drink urine at Greece Athena High School .
Mrs Klein said: 'They didn’t learn any lessons from the other ordeal. I don’t think they ever will'
Doctors at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York were trialling a new combination of drugs to treat advanced skin cancer .
Combined standard drug ipilimumab with new drug nivolumab .
Woman 49 had one dose of the therapy and within weeks her tumour had completely disappeared leaving a hole in the skin under her left breast .
Ukip leader asked to justify lack of black and Asian faces in manifesto .
But he said there was one 'half black' person and one 'fully black person'
Ukip's immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe has mixed heritage .
Included in the manifesto was also a photo of an African receiving aid .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career .
The Portuguese did it in just 288 appearances for the Spanish club .
Ronaldo is chasing down Alfredo Di Stefano's 307 and Raul's 323 totals for Real .
James Rodriguez doubled their lead as Real beat Rayo Vallecano 20 in La Liga .
Barcelona sit top of the table but secondplaced Real cut the gap to four points .
Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal Ronaldo's 'incredible' yellow card for diving .
Noeleen Foster snapped an image of a phallic cloud at work last Friday .
The motheroffour took the pic in Zuccolli 25km southeast of Darwin .
Last year another suggestively shaped cloud made waves in England .
US comedian Jimmy Kimmel sang Lalaban Ako in Tagalog on his show .
Pacquiao thanked Kimmel for 'trying to sing my song' in a Twitter video .
Jimmy Kimmel Live was the first US talk show the Filipino ever went on .
Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather Jr in Las Vegas Nevada on May 2 .
Real Madrid take on Granada in La Liga early Sunday kickoff .
Carlo Ancelotti's side four points off Barcelona in the title race .
Real were beaten 21 in El Clasico last time out before international break .
Planes were preparing to depart Dublin for Edinburgh and Zadar Croatia .
Airline said they were under the instruction of air traffic control .
Winglet of one aircraft appears to have scraped the tail fin of the other .
It's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided .
Kim Jongun dismantled the group of  teenagers after his father's death .
But now three years of mourning has expired he has demanded they return .
Group are traditionally private dancers and maids for North Korean leaders .
The girls are usually married off to top officials once they reach their 20s .
Wembley loss means Steven Gerrard's Liverpool career ends in anticlimax .
He was poor throughout unable to raise performances of his teammates .
Gerrard will now say his farewells with a series of cameo appearances .
But three years without a trophy means Brendan Rodgers is one to blame .
Merger between two largest cable companies have given the new firm control of 57percent of broadband internet market and 30percent of paid TV .
'Today we move on' says Comcast CEO Brian Roberts .
Comcast has 30million subscribers and Time Warner Cable boasts 11million new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million .
FCC staffers recommended the merger be sent to a judge for review  a significant regulatory hurdle .
Regulators questioned whether merger was in the public interest .
Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul was seen laughing at half time .
Jermain Defoe had scored a stunning goal past him moments earlier .
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for being too friendly .
But the keeper was simply showing respect to an opponent .
Kamron T. Taylor was recently convicted of murder .
He stole officers keys and uniform being fleeing the jail in officers vehicle .
Taylor was awaiting sentencing when he escaped .
The 23yearold fugitive is wanted for aggravated battery to a correctional officer as well as escape .
A $1000 cash reward is being offered for any information .
Authorities say they have found a 15yearold girl who they had thought to be in the company of the murderer .
Gary fell from 147th most popular British name in 1996 to 1001st in 2013 .
Reached height of its popularity in 1964 when it was ranked 16th .
Meanwhile names including Dexter and Jenson are now in the top 100 .
Xenophobia cannot explain the conflict between native poor black South Africans and foreign African entrepreneurs says Abdi .
Killings of foreigners cannot be separated from the brutal violence poor South Africans experience she adds.
Idyllic twobed log cabin nestled down private country lane in New Forest .
The 76sq ft hideaway is made entirely from timber imported from Norway .
Cabin encircled by 141000acres of forest and can be lived in allyear round .
Its location near Godshill Hants means the cabin is worth more than twice what it would be worth elsewhere .
Robert O'Neill revealed himself last year as soldier who killed bin Laden .
Supporters of For America group were invited to shooting event with him .
Will stay in luxury Jackson Hole Wyoming resort and shoot with O'Neill .
Former SEAL has been speaking publicly about bin Laden role since 2014 .
Is being investigated by navy police for allegedly revealing military secrets .
Julie Ronayne was given £160000 after a botched hysterectomy in 2008 .
She contracted peritonitis following surgery at Liverpool Women's Hospital .
Husband Edward was given £9000 for 'shock' and being 'secondary victim'
NHS  fighting payout fearing it could open the floodgates to similar claims .
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to twoandahalf years with hard labour .
Posted the mockedup image advertising a cheap drinks night on Facebook .
32yearold was found guilty of insulting religion despite apologising .
Australian police have arrested two people after the discovery of 55 greyhound carcasses in bushland .
They believe the dogs were dumped by people involved in the lucrative greyhound racing industry .
The industry has been under fire since a television investigation revealed live baiting and other abuses .
Alice Barker was a dancer in the 1930s and '40s .
Thanks to filmmakers Barker  now 102  finally saw herself dance .
2006 Big Brother winner Pete squandered prize money on ketamine .
He is now clean but homeless  and tells Jeremy Kyle he wants act .
We look back at the fates of other winners of the reality TV show .
Some work in showbiz while others returned to  everyday life .
Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players at Premier League clubs from eight to 12 .
FA chairman has been backed by exEngland bosses Graham Taylor Glenn Hoddle Kevin Keegan SvenGoran Eriksson and Steve McClaren .
Rise of Harry Kane proves England can develop talented youngsters .
Exam board officials yesterday unveiled draft syllabus for kids aged 1416 .
Some students will be asked to study review of gritty 15rated foreign film .
Other GCSE pupils will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games .
Proposals aim to rid classes of ‘tired phrases’ now through to be outdated .
Employment surges as the number in work hits a record 31million .
Jobless total falls by 76000 to 1.84 million the lowest for seven years .
Cameron warns a Labour government would put 1million jobs at risk .
Former California governor criticises the GOP for not focusing on issues that matter such as airport delays graduation rates and air pollution .
Says the Religious Freedom Restoration Act will hurt his party the most .
Called the laws 'divisive and distracting'
'We must be the party that stands for equality and against discrimination in any form' he said in the oped for The Washington Post .
Theo Walcott insists Arsenal have shown the best form in Europe this year .
Gunners earned eight successive Premier League victories before 00 draw with Chelsea .
Walcott believes Arsenal must stay injuryfree to win title next season .
Olivier Giroud: I get p***** about everyone talking about my hairstyle .
READ: Arsenal fan gives girlfriend written exam on the Gunners .
Liya Kebede who was born in Ethiopia graces the May issue .
She also appeared on Vogue Paris' May 2002 cover .
Last black model  before Mrs Kebede was Rose Cordero in March 2010 .
Yahoo Labs in California reveals new method to unlock your phone .
Simply by holding it to your head their technology can recognise your ear .
It can also use other body parts like a fist or a palm to access your device .
It removes the need for specialist hardware like fingerprint readers .
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton Texas filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards .
The BBC is set to air a twohour realtime documentary following a boat .
For many the languid film will be as interesting as watching paint dry .
Corporation hopes it'll be a change of pace from usual frenetic pace of TV .
Jordan Morris scored the first goal of the game after half time .
Juan Agudelo scored for the USA for the first time since 2011 .
Jurgan Klinsmann's are preparing for the CONCACAF Gold Cup .
Tyler Walker came off the bench to score his first goal against Brentford .
The 18yearold is son of former England international Des Walker .
Manager Dougie Freedman believes the forward has a bright future .
Study of twins in the UK found voting Conservative tends to run in families .
Voting Ukip Labour and the Greens also had moderate levels of heritability .
However voting for the Liberal Democrats is determined by environment .
The study suggests there may be an underlying genetic element to politics .
In the murder trial of James Holmes 12 jurors and 12 alternates have been selected .
The mostly middleaged group includes 19 women and five men .
Jury selection started in January opening statements are scheduled to begin on April 27 .
Machines are used around the world for sorting luggage onto conveyors .
Video shows swift and powerful mechanical arm separating suitcases .
Similar to the 'Parallel Pusher' developed by leading Dutch company .
P22 has made himself a new den underneath a house in Los Feliz .
The mountain lion has been living in nearby Griffith Park for three years .
Rose to fame after a picture of him in front of the Hollywood sign published .
So far resisted all attempts by animal welfare workers to make him leave .
Former union official was arrested after returning from the Middle East .
He left the country in January to illegally join the fight against IS .
It is understood Matthew Gardiner headed to Iraq or Syria to join Kurdish .
The Australian Federal Police has confirmed it is investigating the case .
The 43yearold was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list report says .
A spokesperson for Attorney General George Brandis said: 'If you fight illegally in overseas conflicts you face up to life in prison'
Eden Hazard put in a manofthematch performance for Chelsea .
Mesut Ozil was in fine form for Arsenal as they beat Liverpool .
Joey Barton helped QPR to an emphatic 41 win over West Brom .
Group released in northern Iraq made up of 40 children women and elderly .
Were piled onto a minibus that then drove them to peshmerga positions .
Prisoners spent nearly a year in Isis captivity Kurdish military has said .
No explanation has been given as to why the 216 Yazidis were released .
Elena Curtin was sevenmonths pregnant during Portland Oregon incident .
Boyfriend's ex was injecting drugs in her bathroom when she came home .
Curtin 23 was scheduled to go to trial on seconddegree assault charge .
She hit boyfriend's ex on head and arm but prosecutors dropped charge .
Oregon law allows for physical force against an intruder who won't leave .
Conviction would have resulted in mandatory sixyear prison sentence .
Mario Suarez and Marcelo will both be suspended for next week's Champions League quarterfinal second leg .
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a 00 draw on Tuesday night .
Suarez wants a 'better referee' for the return leg at the Bernabeu .
Dani Carvajal could face punishment for punching Mario Mandzukic .
Chris Ramsey the only black manager in the Premier League is a classic example .
Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs .
He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp saw the writing on the wall and got out .
Ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and guess what it has not been an easy job to refloat it .
Roger is an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the NT .
He was gifted the new stuffed toy bunny by a fan and grew attached to it .
Manager Chris Barnes said he tried to take it off Roger and was attacked .
Mr Barnes adopted kangaroo after finding its mother dead on a highway .
Andrea McVeigh 44 was knocked over from behind by speeding cyclist .
Left in a pool of her blood after crashing facefirst into the pavement .
She will be scarred for life after suffering two long gashes to forehead .
Police launch hunt for the mystery rider who did not stop at scene .
Exhausted shoppers regularly fall asleep in IKEA stores across China .
Cheeky nappers kick off their shoes and get under the covers of displays .
Managers forced to ban visitors from taking off their shoes to go to sleep .
Many large Chinese cities ration license plates as they look for a solution to gridlocked roads and pollution .
It means many prospective car owners have to bid in license auctions .
But hybrid vehicles automatically qualify for a license plate .
NGO official says people will urgently need food water medicine and shelter.
More than 1800 people across Nepal confirmed dead official says .
People treated outside hospitals avalanches reported on Everest .
Prince Abdul Malik 31 marries data analyst Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah 22 today .
Malik is the youngest child of the Sultan and wife Queen Saleha and is second in line to become the next Sultan .
Ceremony took place in the monarch's lavish 1788room residential palace Istana Nural Iman in Brunei's capital .
Linda MacDonald was arrested Monday night after veering off the road and crashing her car into a wooden fence in Dummerston Vermont .
The Shelburne Massachusetts woman claimed to have been talking on the phone and taking down directions when she crashed .
Police smelled alcohol on her and when they administered a breathalyzer test MacDonald tested .02 per cent over the legal limit .
Beatrice Nokes allegedly ran a prostitute ring in Central London last year .
She is suspected of grooming three women to sell their bodies for sex .
Nokes is the daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals .
She allegedly organised the sex ring with Met police officer Daniel Williams .
He also faces charges of voyeurism and concealing profits in his chimney .
Landlord was convicted and fined for showing Albanian footage of games .
But landmark European Court ruling has since ended such prosecutions .
Landlord has now had convicted overturned but has since lost his pub .
Premier League still taking landlords to civil court using copyrights laws .
Europa League semifinal draw: Napoli vs Dnipro Sevilla vs Fiorentina .
Lastfour ties to be played on May 7 and May 14 .
Final takes place at National Stadium in Warsaw on May 27 .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .
The pup was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school .
To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched over 27000 times .
Many viewers have deemed the dog's cleaning antics 'cute' and adorable'
Monaco host Juventus in the quarterfinal second leg on Wednesday night .
The Italians hold a slender 10 lead from the first leg in Turin last week .
The squad were put through their paces on Tuesday ahead of the clash .
Dimitar Berbatov is confident Monaco can progress to the semifinal .
Daniel Sturridge has danceoff with Kop Kids presenter Paisley .
Liverpool striker shows off new dance move called 'Feed the Ducks'
25yearold reveals his passion for music and dancing .
READ: Sturridge fitness our main concern says Liverpool boss Rodgers .
READ: Sturridge heads back to the US to see specialist .
Nasser Hussain believes it's time to look at the structure of English cricket .
Hussain believes Paul Downton is just the latest victim to take the flack .
He feels the system is broken and desperately needs attention and fixing .
Alastair Cook's sacking shows we are painfully slow to react problems .
Class of '92 owners of Salford City discuss their nonleague club .
Paul Scholes Phil Neville and Gary Neville coown alongside former Manchester United teammates Nicky Butt and Ryan Giggs .
Salford currently top the EvoStik League First Division North .
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 7164 at Lucas Oil Stadium in Final Four .
Kentucky Wildcats were looking to complete an unbeaten season .
Duke earlier beat Michigan State 8161 to move into the final .
Wisconsin will play Duke in Monday's final of the NCAA Tournament .
Analysis of Martian weather seems to support the idea that the planet could be dotted with salty puddles at night .
The finding has "wider implications" for efforts to find evidence of life on Mars a researcher says .
Ronny Deila criticised the playing surface at St Mirren Park on Friday .
Deila believes most clubs in division would benefit from artificial surfaces .
Norwegian boss believes pitches need to be more like those in England .
Feels his side should be judged on their performance on poor pitches .
Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp will leave post this summer .
Klopp ready to take another job with no sabbatical .
Emotional grip of game makes him ideal for the Premier League .
Premier League clubs on alert after the shock news from Germany .
Klopp has been linked with Manchester City and Arsenal in the past .
Harry met James Freedman who has his own oneman pickpocket show .
Performer advises police and teaches people how not to be victims of theft .
In astonishing demonstration he shows how quickly a thief can rob you .
Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead .
SNP are threatening to all but wipe out Labour north of the border .
But Ed Miliband refused to rule out going into a powersharing agreement .
Sturgeon used TV debate to offer to ‘lock Cameron out of Downing Street’
London Mayor praised the Coalition for having kept down unemployment .
He said creation of more jobs  was ‘one of moral triumphs’ of government .
Comments will be seen as attempt to position himself as future party leader .
President Michelle Bachelet signs law that will take effect in six months .
Chile joins several other South American nations that allow the unions .
Newcastle had more than £34m in the bank at end of last financial year .
The club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for  2013/14 season .
The revelation infuriated fans who claim Mike Ashley has little ambition .
Reports police dropped investigation into Belle Gibson's Whole Pantry .
However Victoria Police say its position has not changed .
Police had been looking into charging Ms Gibson with deception .
Consumer Affairs Victoria will now decide if any offences were committed .
Ms Gibson expressed concern over her family's safety in remarks to Daily Mail Australia .
Ms Gibson faced  backlash since close friends cast doubt about her terminal cancer diagnosis .
'My son's childcare details were posted online' she claimed adding that her address and floor plan were also made available .
The popular Instagram personality still has not addressed questions about her 'cancer diagnosis'
Splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day .
Include diving into the Thames without authority and hogging middle lane .
Meanwhile other antiquated laws remain in force that are simply baffling .
Racing grounds bans selfie sticks for May 2nd Derby Day and all live races .
Ban sparked by safety concerns for horses roughly 160000 spectators .
Museums are banning the technological toys as they become more popular .
Mitsubishi Lancer crashed through family's fence in Sydney's northwest .
The 23yearold driver was hit by taxi and sent him spiralling out of control .
Driver and two passengers managed to escape when car crashed into pool .
Blue Lancer sunk to the bottom and will need to be retrieved with a crane .
Haunting images show the decaying ruins of Holmesburg Prison where scientists experimented on its prisoners .
Inmates were paid to test a variety of dangerous substances such as radioactive hallucinogenic and toxic materials .
Renowned dermatologist who experimented on prisoners has claimed no harm was done to any of the 'volunteers'
The prisoners who led a 38day hunger strike in 1938 were locked in 'the bake ovens' where four 'roasted to death'
Milano had pumped while on plane .
Travelers are asked to carry only what they need .
Amelia Morton gained three stone in her first few months of university .
The 23yearold used to fork out almost £5000 a year on takeaway pizza .
She was shocked into a postgraduation diet after her dad's comments .
Amelia now size 8 says the Cambridge Weight Plan transformed her diet .
A study published in Tuesday's Journal of the American Medical Association revealed the figures .
Almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years .
Compromised information included patients' names home addresses ages illnesses test results or Social Security numbers .
Most involved electronic data and theft including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .
Cybersecurity experts say thieves may try to use patients' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
This week Turkey was gripped by a massive power outage and a deadly hostage crisis .
Reactions reveal contemporary Turkey is tense and confused after years of political crises .
Censorship has pushed critics to fringes in country cited as democratic model for Mideast .
Middlesbrough started the day top of the Championship on 75 points .
Troy Deeney opened the score before Odion Ighalo's brilliant strike .
Watford end the day in third place after Bournemouth and Norwich win .
Strung out on heroin Anthony Sideri robbed a bank .
He had to go through withdrawal in a jail cell .
Overcoming addiction is possible he says as he's building a new life as a family man .
Footage of a brawl involving 70 teenagers has been released .
The fight happened on Tuesday outside a community centre in Brisbane .
Owners were told that 30 people were attending but more than 200 arrived .
The violent fray was captured by police helicopter footage .
Four people have been arrested over the incident and will appear in court .
John Bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 and went blind when he was 30 .
After going blind Bramblitt began creating the most amazing artworks .
Some of his art features scenes and people he has never seen before .
Despite being blind his art is highly accurate and incredibly vibrant .
Timothy Rogalski 'called the school five times and accused school staff of staging the shooting that left 20 children and six educators dead'
Police traced the calls to his home and he was arrested .
'I don't think I said anything that horrible' he said in court .
Teen with deadly brain tumour has raised $80000 for emergency surgery .
18yearold Jackson Byrnes and his girlfriend Jahnae Jackson 18 are preparing for him to go under the knife on Wednesday morning .
He was told by doctors it was too aggressive to operate on .
But Jahnae found Dr Teo who would do the operation with upfront fee .
The couple turned to GoFundMe to raise the money for the urgent surgery .
The risky operation will likely see him end up paralysed down his left side .
Hollie Tillbrook's heart momentarily stopped after she fainted in Basildon .
But two nearby officers thought to be from the Met rushed to give her CPR .
Mother Denise Bennett was told to expect worst but Hollie unexpectedly woke up from her induced coma .
The family now want to try and find the offduty officers who saved her life .
Building owner made the discovery while searching for a sewage pipe .
Dig revealed a Messapian tomb a Roman granary and a Franciscan chapel .
Roman devotional bottles ancient vases and a ring with Christian symbols as well as hidden frescoes and medieval pieces were also unearthed .
The finds are believed to date back more than two centuries .
Rare set of female quintuplets was born this month in Houston Texas .
The girls were born via Csection at 28 weeks and two days .
Another family kept the news of twins secret until birth .
German police say they think they "have thwarted an Islamist attack" interior minister for Hesse state says .
German terrorism researcher: Couple accused of planning bomb attack on bicycle race near Frankfurt .
Map spans nearly two billion light years .
Will help astrophysicists predict the universe's expansion .
could help identify where and how much dark matter exists .
Harriet Harman admitted drivers could be hit if Labour gets into power .
Deputy Labour leader refused to rule out aboveinflation increases on taxes .
George Osborne said it shows Labour will bring back ‘fuel duty escalator’
Alan Rogers smashed the head of Fred Hatch in their communal garden .
Mr Hatch's wife Enid found Rogers standing over her husband's body .
Rogers claimed he wanted Mr Hatch dead as he was involved in witchcraft .
He told officers arresting him 'I have been waiting a long time to kill that man'
Mui Thomas has a rare genetic condition that leaves her skin raw and open to infection .
Abandoned at birth Tina and Rog Thomas adopted Mui .
She's now 22 a rugby referee and an inspirational speaker .
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES .
Megan Sheehan was arrested in 2014 for suspicion of resisting arrest battery on a police officer and public intoxication .
She is filing a civil lawsuit against BART and Oakland California police who she says used excessive force during the arrest .
She claims she was violently slammed to the ground where she was then left bloodied and unconscious with several broken facial bones .
Police report says she was 'violently punching' and 'guided' to the ground .
Attorneys for BART say Sheehan is partially responsible for her injuries .
Keonna Thomas was arrested in Philadelphia Friday as she tried to join ISIS .
Thomas 30 was preparing to fly overseas and martyr herself for the terrorist group .
Authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State group fighter in Syria and said it would be 'amazing' to fight with the group .
She also shared her desires on Twitter writing 'Only thing I'm jealous of is when I see the smiles of shuhadaa [martyrs]'
She made her initial appearance in federal court on Friday in full black dress with only her eyes showing .
This just one day after two women in New York were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb .
Rangers held to a 11 draw by bottom side Livingston on Wednesday .
The draw means Rangers have won just one of  last five away matches .
The point was still enough for Rangers to move second above Hibs .
Rangers face Dumbarton away from home on Saturday .
Frances Clarkson 53 is holidaying in Barbados with family and friends .
She spent Easter Bank Holiday weekend on the Caribbean island .
She holidayed on the island in 2011 with her estranged husband Jeremy .
Cui Hongfang 73 died in front of her family after she was knocked over .
She fell down a set of steep stairs and struck her head on the stone wall .
Police interviewed witnesses and ruled the woman's death an accident .
Victim's family sued the tourist and attempted to stop her from leaving .
Looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in life .
New mums are surviving on little sleep and providing roundtheclock care .
When friends and family visit the baby they have several annoying habits .
Parenting blogger EmilyJane Clark shows how NOT to annoy a new mum .
Kevin Pietersen has resigned for Surrey in attempt to earn England recall .
Graham Gooch claimed Pietersen had 'wiped the floor with the ECB'
Pietersen takes to Twitter to aim swipe at Gooch .
Real Madrid return to action at Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night .
They kept up the pressure on Barcelona with a 91 thrashing of Granada .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the Bernabeu rout .
Carlo Ancelotti now faces a selection poser ahead of Rayo visit .
Isco and James Rodriguez are both fit and available again .
Barcelona four points clear host Almeria on Wednesday night .
Mils Muliaina won 100 caps for New Zealand before retiring in 2011 .
Muliaina has been playing for Connacht in Ireland this season .
The Kiwi was playing against Gloucester on Friday night .
Muliaina was led away led away by police after the match .
Amsterdam Falafel Shop Washington DC US launched .
Five falafels are paired with different strains of marijuana .
Combos include creamy falafel to be eaten after smoking calming strain .
Three tops with the error on the left sleeve sent to Hampshire Constabulary .
Chairman of Hampshire Police burst out laughing when he saw the mistake .
Two officers will continue to proudly wear the tshirts despite the mistake .
They will only wear the tops 'internally' and not when they are out patroling .
Sharon Edwards 55 was last seen on Saturday in Grafton NSW .
Police focus has shifted to treat her disappearance as a homicide .
Son Eli says family are struggling to come to terms with disappearance .
Forensic officers have returned to her home with a crime scene warrant .
Amy Hughes 26 broke the world record with her 53:53 challenge .
The sports therapist from Shropshire has raised £30000 for charity .
Now she's found love with the man who helped her see it all through .
Curtly Ambrose's pep talk to West Indies' bowlers on day two worked .
Chris Jordan had a battle with former Barbados teammate Jason Holder .
Sir Viv Richards said Jordan 'looks as though he should have a javelin'
Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career for West Indies passed 21 years .
Charlotte Edwards received her CBE from the Queen .
David says daughter Harper and son Gideon have incredibly sophisticated tastes .
The 39yearold actor has worked as a personal chef and attended Le Cordon Bleu cooking school .
Gideon eats everything while Harper favors 'strong' flavors and 'anything chocolate'
Though David is the cook in the family Neil is good at plating the food .
Nuri Sahin said he turned down an offer from Arsenal to stay in Germany .
The decision was based on his family's wishes to not move to England .
Former Liverpool loanee said Borussia Dortmund is his 'home' club .
READ: Wenger reveals secrets of his team selection process .
CLICK HERE for the latest Arsenal news .
Figures come a week after Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC .
Top Gear took up first third and fifth spots in iPlayer top five for February .
Episode two of the BB2 show's last series was watched 2645000 times .
Tillman spent 12 years in Chicago but the new team management did not declare an interest to retain his services .
A staple of Lovie Smith's stingy defense he will again link up with Ron Rivera whowas the Bears defensive coordinator between 200406 .
Tillman holds a number of franchise records and the forced fumble specialist joins Sean McDermott's scheme .
He has also been honoured for his work in the community and won the 2014 Walter Payton Man of the Year Award .
Arsenal fan Luke Bryant confronted Arsene Wenger during 20 defeat .
Bryant admitted charge of 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area'
The lifelong Arsenal fan is not allowed to attend games for three years .
He was also ordered to pay £200 court costs and fined £500 .
New antibody blocks protein receptor needed to infect human cells .
Patients injected saw 300fold reduction in amount of HIV in their blood .
Scientists believe breakthrough could result in new vaccines against virus .
Angel di Maria's red card forced Louis van Gaal to look at other players .
Juan Mata Marouane Fellaini and Ashley Young have been in good form in recent matches .
Paul Scholes says United are playing well when they have nothing to play for .
Rickie Fowler responded to  online troll who abused his girlfriend .
Bikini model Alexis Randock had posted a photo on her Instagram account .
Randock was pictured on the beach alongside her sister Nicole .
A troll called 'fatalsplash' then accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger'
Fowler told the hater to 'get your facts straight' following comment .
55 decomposed greyhound carcasses have been found in Queensland .
A 64yearold woman and 71yearold man have been charged .
It is thought the site is common 'dumping ground' for greyhounds .
They were charged after police found a .22 calibre gun in their home .
Police have not confirmed that microchips were found alongside the dogs .
Antonio Nuñez 59 was arguing with girlfriend at 4am at home in Texas .
It escalated and he stabbed the woman in the backside with pitchfork .
She pepper sprayed him called 911 is in hospital recovering .
Shane Dunn 25 from Tunbridge Wells Kent attacked Ian Garrod 55 .
He pretended to call ambulance before fleeing with victim's possessions .
Dunn caught after police found DNA on cigarette ends in Garrod's garden .
He has now been jailed for 12 years after being convicted of wounding .
Jade Ruthven 33 from Perth received angry anonymous letter .
Outrageous poison pen letter was concocted by 'a few of the girls'
Demands she stops posting so many photos and updates about her baby .
'We all thought it might ease off after the first month but it hasn't'
Ms Ruthven a firsttimemother said letter  was like a slap in the face .
Conservationist Edwin Sabuhoro founded a cultural village in Rwanda .
The village provides work for poachers and unemployed youth .
Very few Manchester United players possess the intelligence demanded .
Michael Carrick Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata can claim to have it .
The Dutchman suggested some of his other players lack brains .
Luke Shaw wasn't fit enough when he arrived last summer .
Phil Jones thunders senselessly into tackles and gets injured .
Even Ander Herrera is guilty of playing senseless long balls .
Durham: Arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off .
Adrian Durham: Sterling would be earning the same as Balotelli if he signed £100000aweek deal at Liverpool... that's the real issue here .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Younger people feeling lonelier than older generations according to report .
43% of 18 to 34yearold wish they had more friends .
Many only interact with friends online .
Chloe Jackson 19 said Facebook makes her feel lonely .
Feels left out when she sees friends' posts when they're out having fun .
Trespasser managed to get into grounds of presidential residence .
Secret Service in Washington DC claim they made an 'immediate' arrest .
Intruder's parcel was examined but deemed not to be a risk .
Breach comes a few days after a gyrocopter landed on Capitol's lawn .
Belgian 15yearold star  has had trials at Liverpool and Everton .
Thibaut Verlinden will join Stoke when he turns 16 in July .
Mark Hughes will also sign Moha El Ouriachi from Barcelona this summer .
Korean firm teased the watch with  strapline 'Get ready for the next Gear'
Wearable with be the 7thgeneration Samsung Gear wristworn device .
Samsung made the announcement in a release about developer software .
Motorola Huawei and LG all have round watches while Apple's  is square .
Liverpool lost 41 at Premier League top four rivals Arsenal on Saturday .
Result sees Reds seven points adrift of fourth place with seven games left .
Reds travel to Blackburn in their FA Cup quarterfinal replay on Wednesday .
Adrian Durham: Sterling would only be earning the same as Balotelli if he signed new £100000aweek deal at Liverpool... that's the real issue here .
CLICK HERE for the latest Liverpool news .
Former Brazil striker Ronaldo played for Real Madrid between 200207 .
The twotime World Cup winner officially retired from playing in 2011 .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 50th goal of the season against  Malaga .
Real Madrid beat Malaga 31 to keep up the pressure on leaders Barcelona .
Taxi driver has been arrested on suspicion of molesting a British woman .
Man known as Salim is accused of assaulting tourist in Jaipur India .
Police confirmed he is being held after statement taken from alleged victim .
Incident follows a number of sexual attacks in India on locals and tourists .
Several January signings have failed to impress in the Premier League .
Chelsea winger Juan Cuardrado has barely played since Fiorentina move .
Wilfried Bony has scored one goal after leaving Swansea for Man City .
QPR tried to send Mauro Zarate back to West Ham before he flopped .
Callum McManaman has failed to show his Wigan form at West Brom .
Benfica's Filip Djuricic has struggled with injuries at Southampton .
Leanne Bourne from Essex discovered her partner was having an affair .
Was horrified when the other woman turned out to be her sister Larissa .
Larissa even gave birth to Steve's child in August 2011 .
Had initially claimed that she didn't know who the father was .
More than three years on  sisters are still struggling to overcome the affair .
Leanne and Larissa appear on My Sister Had My Boyfriend's Baby  and Other Betrayals tonight at 10pm on Channel 5 .
Silhan Ozcelik 18 went missing from Kurdish family’s home last October .
Court heard she travelled on Eurostar to Stuttgart home of Kurdish Workers' Party youth movement .
Ozcelik from Clissold Park north London charged with one terror offence .
Shelley Dufresne was arrested in September when a student at the high school she taught at started bragging about sleeping with two teachers .
It was later revealed that the 16yearold had sex with both Dufresne and his former English teacher 24yearold Rachel Respess .
Dufresne 32 pleaded not guilty to charges in November but changed course on Thursday when she admitted having sex with the teen .
In a forgiving plea deal Dufresne will only have to attend a 90day therapy program stay away from the victim and turn in her teacher's license .
In exchange the charge of carnal knowledge of a child will be dropped after her probation and she won't have to register as a sex offender .
However Dufresne is still awaiting an arraignment on charges for having a threesome with the same student and Respess in a different parish .
The 52yearold libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play Liar's Poker with $100 bills .
Blizerian is best known for his Xrated Instagram page followed by 8million users worldwide .
He plays poker professionally and reportedly once earned $50million in winnings in just over a year .
Video from last year showed Blizerian hurling porn star from a roof .
Clothing can include Moratex pack which instantly hardens on impact .
Has been shown to stop bullets in lab tests  yet wearer can move around .
Stoke currently have the joint smallest pitch in the Premier League .
Mark Hughes plans to extend the playing area to benefit his team's style .
Tony Pulis used small pitch when the club were promoted in 2008 .
Aston Villa captain Ron Vlaar will return to the firstteam from injury .
Manager Tim Sherwood has urged the Dutchman to prove himself again and help Villa to avoid relegation from the Premier League .
Vlaar played a starring role in Holland's run to the World Cup semifinals in Brazil last year .
Villa take on Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday .
The former heir to the Durst real estate empire was hit with new felony gun possession charges on Tuesday .
Durst 72 was the recent subject of HBO documentary The Jinx .
The day before the final episode aired authorities in Louisiana arrested Durst in connection to the 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman .
Aston Villa and QPR drew 33 in the Premier League on Tuesday night .
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey's reunion had twists and turns to it .
The two clubs' Premier League statuses were not decided by the draw .
Ian Madigan kicked five penalties for Leinster .
Leigh Halfpenny replied with six threepointers for Toulon .
Toulon lock Ali Williams was yellow carded during extratime .
Bryan Habana raced away for a crucial try shortly afterwards .
Leinster flanker Sean O'Brien crossed for a late consolation try .
Survey of 4000 undecided voters found slim majority favour Prime Minister .
37% of floating voters impressed with Cameron while 31% with Miliband .
Separate poll suggests Ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies .
Five stores in Texas California Florida and Oklahoma have been closed .
Fulltime and parttime employees will be put on paid leave for 2 months while they try to transfer to a different location .
Walmart said the stores will reopen after 'extensive' problems are fixed .
Some employees in Pico Rivera California believe their store was closed because it's become a protest center for higher wages .
Louis van Gaal has backed Ryan Giggs to be next Manchester United boss .
Giggs has been the Dutchman's assistant since he arrived at Old Trafford .
Former Welsh winger also spent period as caretaker manager last season .
Father: "I know he went through what he went through"
Louis Jordan was found on his sailboat which was listing and in bad shape rescuer says .
He appears to be in good shape physically and mentally .
Eddie Howe was left to rue the decisions of referee Paul Tierney .
Bournemouth manager feels his side should've been awarded a penalty .
Callum Wilson was sent flying in the 65th minute of the draw at Dean Court .
Howe also believes the Owls defender deserved to see red for the foul .
This page includes the show Transcript .
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .
At the bottom of the page comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news .
Rangers are currently second in the Championship with three games to go .
Finishing third would mean playing two extra playoff matches vs fourth .
But manager Stuart McCall is relaxed about the prospect of finishing third .
Kyle Walker joins Hugo Lloris on Tottenham Hotspur sidelines .
Jan Vertonghen a major doubt following illness .
Alan Hutton Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair likely to be absent .
Carles Gil also set to miss out for Aston Villa but Aly Cissokho could return .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Police in Brazil found  frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs at the restaurant .
Chinese owner Van Ruilonc admitted making pasties out of  stray canines .
Dog meat  would  be sold to unwitting customers at the fast food outlet .
Mauricio Pochettino says Harry Kane has struggled since England debut .
Also believes his teammate Ryan Mason is suffering as well .
21yearold Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season .
Farmer from eastern China confesses he's puzzled by the newborn kid .
The 20dayold goat was born with four fore legs and two hind legs .
Owner says unusual animal has an extraordinary appetite and is playful .
Extra legs won't be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .
Carlo Ancelotti confirms Gareth Bale will sit out of the Eibar clash .
The Welshman will join suspended stars Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez .
READ: Cristiano Ronaldo WILL face Eibar after yellow card is rescinded .
Real are four points behind Barcelona in the race for the La Liga title .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Volvo and a startup made Life Paint  a washoff reflective spray for bikes .
Invisible spray covers anything in reflective particles and glows at night .
Cans were given away in London cycle shops and proved a big hit .
Now some are on sale on eBay and Volvo is considering selling the spray .
Didier Drogba has 15 goals against Arsenal for Chelsea and Galatasaray .
He averages a strike every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against Arsenal .
Drogba could be Chelsea's only fit striker for Sunday's trip to The Emirates .
READ: Chelsea fans storm Emirates Stadium and turn Arsenal sign blue .
Martin Keown: Deep down Jose Mourinho admires Arsene Wenger's work .
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in his car on Tuesday in Wembley .
Counter terrorism police were drafted in to lead investigation into death .
A 46yearold man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
Ukip leader said foreigners with HIV should not be treated on the NHS .
Mr Farage had planned to mention foreign patients suffering from TB .
He chose HIV after discovering NHS drugs to treat disease more expensive .
Carla Suarez Navarro advances to final of the Miami Open with win .
Spaniard will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in final .
Suarez Navarro beats Andrea Petkovic in straight sets  63 63 .
Mum says her son was banned from Qantas flight due to his autism .
Gizelle Laurente claims her son Jacob Prien was discriminated against .
Jacob was booked to fly from Darwin to Brisbane on Thursday .
Qantas says he wasn't able to fly unaccompanied without medical approval .
He was given the allclear and flew to Brisbane on Friday .
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona eased through at the Nou Camp .
Brazilian ace did his best to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz .
Former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous night in Barcelona .
Dani Alves did his best to earn a new contract as he impressed throughout .
Everton defeated Burnley 10 at Goodison Park on Saturday .
Kevin Mirallas scored the only goal of the game in the 29th minute .
Ross Barkley had earlier missed a 10thminute penalty .
Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts this season .
Steve Esmond his wife Theresa Divine and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill while staying  at the Sirenusa Resort in St. John .
Divine was released from hospital and is now in occupational therapy .
The family's lawyer said the boys are in 'rough shape'
On Friday the US Environmental Protection Agency said preliminary tests showed there was 'a presence of methyl bromide in the unit .
The travel writer joins up with the Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing team .
The Volvo Ocean Race is currently taking on the next stage in Brazil .
Joly was trained by Tom Daley in TV hit Splash! back in 2013 but seems to have forgotten some key tips .
The Moose Toys Headquarters is located in the heart of Melbourne .
Staff can enjoy basketball table tennis and yoga sessions during breaks .
The team can scribble their ideas on whiteboard walls inside the cubby .
Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and a free holiday of their choice .
But there's one catch  no one is allowed to eat lunch at their desks .
Other activities include a trip to an art exhibition and karaoke nights .
The Canberra based DFAT workers got an 'announcement' on a screen .
The message said their office was being closed and moved to Melbourne .
The announcement was displayed for five hours before it was revealed .
It comes as the department plans to cut 500 jobs by June this year .
Thursday's match between two baseball heavyweights turned into a brawl .
Began after dispute between the Yordana Ventura and Adam Eaton .
Sparked a mass fight with members of both teams running onto the field .
Umpire ejected a total of five players after the scrap at Chicago's stadium .
Ventura was suspended for seven games .
Edinson Volquez suspended five games and Lorenzo Cain and Kelvin Herrera got two games each .
Sox players Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended for five games .
Catcher Tyler Flowers was let off with an undisclosed fine .
Real Madrid face Atletico in Champions League quarterfinal second leg tie .
Manchester United outcast Javier Hernandez expected to start  for Real .
Carlos Tevez has made it known he wants to return to Argentina one day .
A 66yearold man has been accused of burning an Australian flag .
It was reportedly set it alight at the Shine of Remembrance in Anzac Square .
He has been charged with public nuisance and breach of the peace .
This comes only a day before thousands are set to gather to    commemorate Anzac Day's centenary at the Brisbane landmark .
18yearold BillyAnne Huxham was abducted from her Caboolture home .
The car she was seen in has been found by police investigations continue .
Police report she has made contact with a family member .
She was allegedly taken by exboyfriend and wounded by a machete .
Reportedly has wounds on her legs and bruises on her face after the ordeal .
Hunt under way for Carl Garry Chapman 32 seen driving with the victim after the alleged abduction and is understood to now have a firearm .
Perpetrator 'broke into a home and waved gun at residents' after abduction .
Justin Rose bounced back from Florida misery by carding 69 in Houston .
Threetime Masters champion Phil Mickelson enjoyed return to form .
Paul Casey celebrated lastgasp Masters invitation with fine round of 68 .
The 34yearold singer made the initial comments on Loose Women .
Argued that 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated'
Plussize industry says views are 'uninformed'
Star faced bitter Twitter backlash then appeared on Good Morning Britain .
Back on Loose Women this afternoon she clarified her views .
Janet Street Porter and her other costars leapt to her defence .
Reallife women have been posting their pictures to Twitter .
They've been using #wearethethey in reference to her comments .
Support for Ukip has fallen by 5% since October as the election looms .
Nigel Farage also facing a fight to win in South Thanet after falling behind .
Comes after David Cameron pleaded with Ukip supporters to 'come home'
Mr Cameron has previously described Ukip supporters as 'fruitcakes'
Norfolk Southern train was traveling near Trenton South Carolina Friday .
It was transporting anhydrous ammonia  highly toxic dangerous chemical .
It derailed shortly after 8.30pm after apparently hitting a tree on the tracks .
Up to 15 cars overturned and leaked haz mat crew was dispatched to site .
Incident sparked evacuation of 30 people with 1.5mile radius of the scene .
Authorities confirmed Friday night that no one was injured following crash .
National Bar Association calls for Clarence Habersham 37 to be indicted .
Officer filed brief supplemental report where he said he rendered aid .
Video of the incident does not show aid or CPR being administered to body of Walter Scott who had been shot five times in the back .
Officer Michael Slager who shot Scott faces murder charge .
Scott father of four mourned on Saturday at funeral ceremony .
Hillary Clinton seen as honest and trustworthy by just 38 per cent of Americans new poll shows .
New headaches include revelations about foreign funds flowing into the Clintons' family foundation while she was secretary of state .
$2.35 million came from family foundation of company chairman involved in selling Canadian uranium company to Russian stateowned firm .
Hillary helped approve that $610 million sale in 2010 which gave Vladimir Putinlinked company control over onefifth of America's uranium .
Bill Clinton received $26 million in speaking fees from foundation donors including $500000 from an investment bank tied to Putin and the Kremlin .
Chelsea Clinton defended the foundation that now bears her name saying it's 'among the most transparent' philanthropies in the US .
Thomas K. Jenkins 49 was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office authorities said .
Police say Jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled .
Jenkins is accused of carrying out multiple robberies in Dover Delaware .
He is facing 72 charges from the Dover Police Department for 18 robberies .
The Delaware State Police is planning to file charges over a 19th robbery which occurred in a part of Dover where jurisdiction is held by state police .
Musacchio snapped his ankle chasing ball 13 minutes from end .
The horror injury overshadowed Villarreal's 11 draw with Getafe .
Ikechukweu Uche penalty was Villarreal's first goal in five league games .
Diego Castro equalised to ensure a point for Getafe .
Romance Was Born show at MBFWA was held on Thursday morning at Art Gallery of NSW .
Designers Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented a typically eccentric collection of bold prints and colour .
Fashion Week wraps up Thursday night with Johanna Johnson show .
Huddersfield have plummeted to ninth in Super League after a horrible Easter .
Paul Anderson admits his misfiring side need to change going forward .
They face Catalan Dragons who have the best defence around on Sunday .
Two men got in an argument about noise levels on Thursday night .
A scuffle broke out and Phillip Pama struck Leon Yeaman once in the head .
Mr Yeaman could not be revived and was announced dead at the scene .
Pama has no history of violence and is reportedly 'beside himself'
His defence lawyer said he hit out 'blindly' and didn't see his punch connect .
Pama was granted conditional bail and is set to return to court May 18 .
Woman emerged from restaurant where she was held hostage for 7.5 hours .
Police were called to Melbourne's Riverside Quay after 10pm on Sunday .
A 'disgruntled' former employee entered the storeroom armed with a knife .
The 35yearold man has been arrested but had yet to be charged .
Author Anthony Horowitz has accused David Walliams of dumbing down .
Claims Walliams fails to challenge young readers with unambitious books .
Horowitz argues authors should not be afraid of 'powerful stories or ideas'
Deion Sanders called out his son Deion Sanders Jr. when he wrote about needing 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'
'You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff!' wrote Sanders .
Sanders later confirmed the entire thing was just a joke between father and son .
The former football and baseball star and current analyst is said to be worth around $40million .
A huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people in reference to the Huxtable family from The Cosby Show .
Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher respond to impending lawsuit in video .
Kutcher claims Kristina Karo was one month old when the alleged incident occurred .
Kunis says she will countersue because of injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video .
Karo claimed to be Kunis's 'childhood friend from Ukraine' and is suing her for $5000 .
Claims Kunis 'stole her pet chicken' when they were children .
Karo now in LA claims she has been traumatised by the event and is suing actress for emotional distress and therapy bills .
Ben Stokes' dad Gerard tweets his approval of Marlon Samuels' salute .
Joe Root moves to 2000 Test runs faster than Sachin Tendulkar .
Stuart Broad wastes another review branded the worst of his career .
John Knott shot wife Anne dead and then himself at Herefordshire cottage .
He cared for wife who had Alzheimer's Disease that was getting worse .
Couple are believed to have 'made a pact' to die together after Mr Knott took his wife out of a care home because she 'hated' her four days there .
Mr Knott had also been fighting plans to build gypsy camp near their home .
Aging strike pair earn extensions on their shortterm deals .
Goalkeeper Adam Bogdan also rewarded with new contract .
Barry Bannan and Neil Danns both fined by club after drinking incident .
Manuel Delisle the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday .
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children .
The family followed Delisle because he was driving erratically and when they reached a dead end Delisle allegedly threatened them .
The terrifying video was captured in Wangaratta northeast Victoria .
A man sprays insect repellent under the handle door of his Holden Ute .
He cowers back in fear when the huntsman drops out and onto the road .
Iran's elite Quds Force is training advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS.
Iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the U.S. but say trust between the nations is lacking .
Former footballer woke up in middle of the night to find his leg was cold .
Mabbutt diagnosed with diabetes at 17 but complications had developed .
He required the main artery to be replaced and almost lost his left leg .
The exSpurs star wants to raise awareness of dangers relating to diabetes .
Mohonk Mountain House is a 'castle' retreat 90 minutes from New York .
The hotel sits blissfully on the banks of Lake Mohonk in the Hudson Valley .
The hotel was originally built as a drinking inn 145 years ago before Quaker twins Albert and Alfred Smiley made it a dry retreat  the bar is now open .
Cassandra Fortin 17 wanted to decline chemotherapy for her cancer .
Connecticut Supreme Court ruled that Ms Fortin must undergo treatment .
The teenager complained that she had been 'treated like an animal'
She said the hospital refused to allow her mother to visit her .
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud 23 from Columbus said he got training from terror group linked to al Qaeda in Syria .
Was instructed by cleric to return to US and carry out terror attack .
His suspected plan was to go to a military base and kill threefour soldiers 'executionstyle'
Mohamud was arrested in February on state charges of money laundering and providing support for terrorism .
If convicted in federal case the 3yearold could face up to 40 years in prison .
Advertising entrepreneur  John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house .
The luxurious fivebedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean .
Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007 .
The exquisite design captures the quintessential Australian beachside home .
'Crash for cash' fraud involved cars being deliberately driven into buses .
Passengers  most of whom were friends and relatives  would then claim .
John Smith 45 from Connah's Quay orchestrated crashes in Chester area .
He processed 218 bogus personal injury claims to no win no fee lawyers .
Convicted yesterday of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud after trial .
The 20yearold signed for £16million from Southampton in July 2014 .
Calum Chambers has made 36 appearances for Arsenal so far this season .
Chambers sees his club and international future playing centre back .
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semifinals on Saturday evening .
Danny Welbeck watched Nicki Minaj perform in Manchester on Monday .
Liverpool's Jose Enrique Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho also went .
Arsenal beat Liverpool in the Premier League at the Emirates on Saturday .
Fivesecond rule dubbed a myth by food health industry experts .
'We definitely do not recommend it' Food Safety Information Council says .
However what food you drop and where you drop it has an impact on risk .
Potato chips nuts and biscuits less risky but meats and cut fruit a nogo .
Carole Cole 17 disappeared in October 1970 after running away from a juvenile jail in Texas .
Her body was found in January 1981 outside Shreveport Louisiana  but remained unidentified until this past February .
Carol's sister made Craigslist posts across Louisiana and Texas .
At the same time the Bossier Parish Sheriff's Department created a Facebook page for their 'Jane Doe' body .
A 911 dispatcher saw the Craigslist post and made the connection .
Convicted murderer John Chesson has been fingered as a suspect by his own daughter .
Caroline Irby 64 was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty Monday .
Almost 100 dogs were found locked up inside a windowless barn on her property in Manchester Tennessee without food or water .
They were emaciated and 'living in several inches of their own waste'
10 other dogs were found dead stacked in a wheelbarrow .
Rescue workers moved them to a shelter in Lebanon Tennessee .
Frausters try and raise money off Stacey Eden's high profile .
Ms Eden stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a Sydney train .
Daily Mail Australia published video of the incident on Thursday .
'All I want is good karma' Ms Eden said on social media .
Bizarre fake profile said she had been inundated with offers of donations .
Premier League clubs have been outperformed by European rivals .
Bundesliga set to move above Premier League next season .
Serie A could also overtake England if Italian successes continue .
Napoli Juventus and Fiorentina are still in contention for European glory .
All English clubs have been eliminated already this season .
One more bad season would see England lose a Champions League spot .
Dana Marie McKinnon 24 charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide .
Florida Highway Patrol says McKinnon then 21 slammed into minivan on Vihn Vo 42 killing him on the spot in May 2013 .
McKinnon's bloodalcohol level was more than twice the legal limit .
Vo was owner and CEO of Vector Planning & Services a  company that provides IT services to military and federal and state agencies .
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday .
Blues are seven points clear at top of the table with a game in hand .
Manager Jose Mourinho faces his former mentor Louis van Gaal .
Juan Mata returns to his former club after keeping Angel di Maria out .
Eden Hazard Diego Costa and David de Gea have been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award .
Lily James the British star of the upcoming Cinderella film has traveled the world promoting the Disney fairy tale .
Downton Abbey star's 20 stunning outfits included £70000 silk gown by Christian Dior and even a £40000 necklace .
Attended premieres in Mexico Canada London and Tokyo  where she revealed her most 'Disney princess' look .
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona's 31 win over PSG .
Suarez nutmegged David Luiz on his way to scoring both goals .
The striker says the tie is not over despite Barca's twogoal advantage .
England have called up Zafar Ansari to their squad for ODI against Ireland .
Surrey allrounder is a toporder batsman and leftarm spinner .
But he is also a gifted academic with a double first from Cambridge .
Ansari could be England's most academically gifted player since Ed Smith .
Alexis Sanchez had offers from several clubs when he left Barcelona last summer including Arsenal and Liverpool .
He chose to join Arsenal in a decision that delighted boss Arsene Wenger .
Sanchez has made an instant impact in English football and has scored 19 goals for the Gunners so far this season .
Arsenal face Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday as the two sides compete for a topfour finish .
The mother of Stephanie Scott's accused murderer is assisting police .
Anika Stanford visited Leeton Police Station on Thursday for 45 minutes .
Ms Stanford and her eldest son  led police to Ms Scott's body .
School cleaner Vincent Stanford 24 has been charged with her murder .
The school teacher's funeral was held in Eugowra in NSW's centralwest .
Service was held at the same venue where she was set to wed fiance Aaron LeesonWoolley .
Joseph Koetters has been sued by an unnamed Marlborough student 30 .
Lawsuit alleges that Koetters  took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16yearold student which began in the 20002001 school year .
Lawsuit also claims unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship .
Woman came forward after another former student wrote an online essay accusing Koetters of acting inappropriately toward her .
Leicester have recorded three consecutive Premier League wins .
The latest a 20 success over Swansea lifted them to 17th in the table .
Nigel Pearson's side are starting to dream of beating relegation .
Esteban Cambiasso has been superb for the Foxes this season .
Goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel has also hit some timely form .
Arsenal face Chelsea on Sunday in the Premier League .
Gunners legend Ray Parlour insists the club are just three signings away from winning the title .
Arsenal go into this weekend's game 10 points behind leaders Chelsea .
Parlour says a summer move for Petr Cech would be a 'no brainer'
The former midfielder doubts whether Chelsea would sell to a title rival .
Journalist Sarah Ivens 39 tells of her struggle to get pregnant aged 34 .
The motheroftwo tried for years before having a child .
She believes women need to be more aware of the difficulty of conceiving .
There are more and more mothers setting up thriving small businesses .
The Mail is asking readers to nominate successful mothers they know .
This week's nominee is Petra Wetzel who set up the WEST brewery in 2006 .
Petra 40 lives in Glasgow with her nineyearold son Noah .
Singer was partying with pals at Coachella Music and Arts Festival over the weekend .
Video posted on Instagram appears to show the singer preparing a suspicious substance and then holding her nose .
Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video .
A comment on Instagram believed to be from Rihanna claims it was a joint .
This is not the first time Rihanna has found herself mired in controversy at Coachella .
In 2012 she posted a picture of herself 'cutting up' a white powered substance on the top of a man's head .
Campaigner was photographed moments before his murder in rural Aleppo .
Forced to his knees and shot at pointblank range by riflewielding militants .
Man is understood to have been an activist who secretly reported on ISIS .
Execution images were released on same day as ISIS made bizarre attempt to portray life under the terror as a pastoral ideal with farmer photographs .
Robert Bates said he meant to subdue a suspect with a Taser but accidentally shot him .
The preliminary hearing is scheduled for July 2 .
The judge said Bates was free to travel to the Bahamas for a family vacation .
Tony Morris QC is mounting landmark legal challenge in Queensland .
His blue Volvo was caught doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year .
He says he wasn't behind the wheel but won't the name person who was .
He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 .
It means a husband can't be compelled to  incriminate his wife .
People aged under 30 currently represent a staggering 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million citizens .
The Westernised Iranian youth is also among the most politically active groups within the Islamic world .
The young also represent one of the greatest longterm threats to the current form of theocratic rule in Iran .
Natali CastellanosTyler 30 married mother of three from Virginia was killed when she crashed into tree February 21 .
Daughter Elisa now 3 was in backseat of Tyler's Ford Explorer and survived crash .
Police ruled that it was a onecar collision caused by sleek road .
Craig Tyler victim's husband says little Elisa has been having recurring dream featuring a white van at crash scene .
White box truck has been tentatively linked to three hitandrun incidents in neighboring communities between March 29 and April 3 .
Each time truck sideswiped passing vehicle and sped off April 3 crash involved a school bus filled with students .
Viv won £152319 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 .
Afterwards announced her life would no longer be sensible or boring .
Said she would 'spend spend spend' in phrase that prase that became the title of a hit musical .
Officials spoke about the devastating singlevehicle crash in August for the first time last week .
Current FBI Director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy say Freeh severed a major artery in the crash .
Paramedics and an FBI agent at the scene were able to stop the bleeding  saving Freeh's life .
Freeh was the director of the FBI from 1993 until 2003 .
Thousands of people caught in poverty because successive governments refuse to change their refugee status .
Laws mean that the West Pakistan Refugees living in Jammur and Kashmir cannot vote in elections or own property .
Hopes that election of Hindu nationalist party as a coalition partner could herald historic change for the community .
Tara and Gavin Hills from Canada stopped vaccinating their children six years ago after losing trust in the health care system .
All seven Hills kids between ages of 10 months and 10 years came down with whooping cough last week .
Tara Hills did an aboutface in the wake of her family's health crisis writing a blog post about how her stance on vaccination has changed .
Ashley is now starring in Lane Bryant's I’m No Angel campaign .
She also has her own line of plussize lingerie .
The 27yearold admitted that her first ever professional job was as an underwear model .
Lionel Messi faces tests on Thursday to see if he will be fit for Barcelona .
Argentine star missed both games for his country with a swollen foot .
Chelsea and Manchester City could be keen on Valencia's Jose Luis Gaya .
Real Madrid's signing of Danilo shows an intention to gamble on the future .
L'Equipe speculates that Radamel Falcao could return to play for Monaco .
Arsenal beat Burnley 10 at Turf Moor on Saturday .
Win was Arsenal's eighth in a row in the Premier League .
Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to maintain charge and challenge Chelsea .
Arsenal play Chelsea in their next league game at the Emirates .
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to 'stop digging' at boys' home .
Former Army Intelligence officer claims MI5 covered up the sexual abuse .
Staff jailed in 1980s for sexual abuse at notorious Kincora children's home .
Stoke City have lost all eight trips to Chelsea since Premier League return .
Mark Hughes insists that their fruitless Stamford Bridge visits must end .
Chelsea unbeaten in 14 Premier League home games this season (11 wins)
Natalie Swindell 26 eats four bowls of Rice Krispies a day and little else .
Despite the  boring diet nutritionists say her eating habits are balanced .
Bank worker claims she has never eaten anything else since the age of two .
Thomas will be a line judge for the 2015 season .
The 41yearold was in the league's officiating development program in 201314 .
She was the first female official on the FBS level and the first to officiate a bowl game .
Thomas a former college basketball player was inspired to become an official in the 1990s when she attended a meeting with her brother .
Many Clouds wins the 2015 Grand National after leading AP McCoy's Shutthefrontdoor with one furlong to go .
However Shutthefrontdoor tired on the final straight and McCoy was forced to settle for fifth on his swansong .
Saint Are came in second after a hardfought final straight but it was Oliver Sherwood's horse that took the glory .
Jockey Leighton Aspell took his second consecutive National title after his 2014 win with Pineau De Re .
401 shot Monbeg Dude ridden by Liam Treadwell came in third after a thrilling race .
The actress and granddaughter of Ernest Hemingway describes what it was like for her growing up .
She has written two distinct books one for adults and one teenagers .
Around 10 per cent of Americans suffer from depression .
The books speak about about mental illness and what it is like living in a troubled family .
Hemingway tells about her own experiences with depression eating disorders OCD and how she learned to overcome the issues .
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz asked students to share what they wish she knew .
Their honest answers moved Schwartz and sparked a discussion online .
The total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .
People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view .
Parts of South America India China and Russia also will see the eclipse .
A study suggests overweight people are less likely to develop dementia .
Those who had a BMI of 25 to 29 had an 18 per cent lower risk .
Having more fat when you fall ill is associated with better recovery .
Remarkably the obese (with a BMI of 30 plus) did even better .
Despite pleas for mercy Indonesia executed eight prisoners on Wednesday .
Included two of the "Bali Nine" convicted drug traffickers from Australia .
Executions will damage relations between countries but public image will take longer to heal .
RSPCA inspectors  called numerous times by worried Bristol residents .
They found a horse in a narrow alleyway and another chained to ground .
Animals have now been moved on following RSPCA advice to owners .
Locals estimated animals had been living in poor conditions for a month .
Liverpool players Mario Balotelli Fabio Borini Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic believed that Bas van Velzen was acompetition winner .
The Reds players were all set to give Van Velzen a freekick masterclass .
But Van Velzen's dead ball skills became apparent very quickly .
CLICK HERE for the latest Liverpool news .
Leicester City hero Jamie Vardy believes the Foxes deserve to stay up .
Vardy pounced late to earn Leicester all three points at the Hawthorns .
Leicester have been bottom of the Premier League table since November .
But two successive wins have given them genuine hope of survival .
Charlotte Roach was nearly killed in a horrific car accident in 2010 .
For lent she decided to dress in fancy dress to raise money for charity .
Charlotte's business partner Rosemary Pringle did the challenge too .
The pair wanted to raise money for the Air Ambulance Service .
Some complained about the film's depiction of the Iraq War .
A petition asked the university not to show the Bradley Cooper film .
Vall d'Hebron hospital in Barcelona claims it has carried out a worldfirst .
Reconstructed a man's lower face and neck in a 27hourlong operation .
He had  facial deformities speech and vision problems and risk of bleeding .
Team of 45 medical staff carried out the procedure in February .
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30 .
Tim Sherwood's side won the toss to decide which kit they'll wear .
Villa chose their claret and blue home strip for the FA Cup showdown .
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away kit .
The Gunners have won three of the five finals played in the kit .
Manuel Pellegrini said Man City's Academy players aren't up to standard .
He said the club will have to be patient as they wait for a new crop of stars .
Liverpool's Raheem Sterling has been linked to Premier League holders .
He said City face 'eight finals' to end the season in a bid to catch Chelsea .
A blast rocks a chemical plant in China's southeastern Fujian province for the second time in two years .
Six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized .
The explosion was triggered by an oil leak though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spills .
Zaur Dadaev is accused of shooting the Kremlin critic close to Red Square .
Suspect had reportedly confessed to murder but later retracted statement .
Claims he was abducted beaten and pressured into confessing to murder .
Rangers legend John Brown insistent Ally McCoist can return to the club .
The former Gers boss left the club following speculation over ownership .
Brown says that fans love him and would welcome him back at Ibrox .
Chelsea beat Stoke 21 at home in the Premier League on April 4 .
Diego Costa limped off in the second half after aggravating his hamstring .
Blues travel to QPR on Sunday in a west London derby at Loftus Road .
Google says robot could replicate a deceased loved one or a celebrity .
Firm has already developed the 6.2 foot Atlas robot .
Robot personalities can be downloaded like apps online .
Airline passengers left behind almost $675000 in spare change in 2013 .
TSA can keep the money to spend on improving civil aviation security .
The figure is $10700 more than 2012 and double that collected in 2008 .
Indonesia protests executions says didn't receive formal warnings .
Both women had worked as domestic helpers in Saudi Arabia before being convicted of murder .
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings in New York on April 23 .
Victory will take him to within one of Larry Holmes' record of 19 defences .
Klitschko would need another six wins after that to match Joe Louis .
The Ukrainian hopes to face Deontay Wilder in a unification clash .
CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
Obada has been signed by the Cowboys despite playing just five games with the Britbowl champions .
The 22yearold Londoner only started playing American football last year .
He has been mentored by Warriors defensive coordinator Aden Durde who spent last summer as a coaching intern with the Cowboys .
Obada will give up his job in a Welwyn Garden City factory and head to rookie minicamp in Texas in May .
Horrifying CCTV footage shows two dogs tearing into a threelegged cat .
Dogs dragged family pet into a garden before mauling it to death .
A woman arrives and calls the dogs away but leaves the cat to die in agony .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Francis Coquelin ready for headtohead battle with Nemanja Matic .
Arsenal midfielder has shone since returning from a loan spell at Charlton .
Gunners have failed to beat Chelsea since October 2012 .
READ: Jose Mourinho deep down admires what Wenger has established .
Jose Mourinho: Fabregas chose Chelsea over Arsenal to win trophies .
Kathleen Blomberg was forced to leave her beloved pets behind when she fleed her apartment after the gas explosion last Thursday .
She was finally reunited with Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian on Wednesday .
The ASPCA had found the two tramatized cats hidden under Blomberg's bed in the abandoned home .
'I have no words because I mean they're my children' said an emotional Blomberg following the reunion .
The couple were invited to fit bungs into two single malt whiksy casks .
They are known as the Duke and Duchess of Rothesay in Scotland .
Both wore tartan for the visit .
Will have to wait 810 years for a tipple while the whisky matures .
Lewis Hamilton won Sunday's Barhain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen .
Hamilton is out of contract at the end of the year and is yet to sign new deal .
It has been suggested that Hamilton could replace Raikkonen at Ferrari .
But team principal Maurizio Arrivabene says he is happy with driver lineup .
The royal baby could be called Sam after Duchess of Cambridge's friend .
Sam WaleyCohen who rode in the Grand National is a close confidant of the Duchess and helped the Cambridges rekindle their romance in 2007 .
Odds on the royal baby being named Sam have been slashed from 66/1 to 20/1 since WaleyCohen appeared at Aintree and won race on Friday .
Royal couple have insisted they do not know the sex of their second child .
ABC has kept a tight lid on details but interview is expected to address Bruce's gender transition .
Network has only released nonspecific quotes so as to allow Bruce to address topic in full context of Friday's interview .
Anonymous vlogger Bionerd has become cult figure in the science world for her thrilling videos shot in Chernobyl .
During visits to measure radiation she's been bitten by 'radioactive' ants and eaten contaminated apples from trees .
Says she's more likely to get cancer from swimming in the sea  but officials say it's so dangerous to live there .
Novak Djokovic beats Rafael Nadal 63 63 in Monte Carlo .
Serbian World No 1 will face Tomas Berdych in the final .
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai .
The Brit celebrated by spraying champagne in face of a hostess .
Object which campaigns against sexism said he should apologise .
Leia an eightmonthold Boxer from Pennsylvania was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier .
Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep .
To date the video of Leia has garnered more than 145000 likes on Facebook with many viewers deeming the scene 'cute' and 'adorable'
Geoffrey Kondogbia impressed against Arsenal in the Champions League .
Gunners have scouted French midfielder for some time .
But now Liverpool hold the main Premier League interest in midfielder .
22yearold is currently at Monaco but has also played for Lens and Sevilla .
Jamie Redknapp: Arsenal should have signed Kondogbia .
SNP's Nicola Sturgeon looked glamorous as she arrived at BBC yesterday .
Nationalist wore fuchsia dress that flattered her slimmeddown physique .
Miss Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past .
She is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and a stylist in 2007 .
Bath face Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night .
Sam Burgess has played predominately at centre so far for Bath .
But the former rugby league superstar will line up at flanker on Friday .
Poll of FTSE 100 bosses reveals overwhelming support for the Tories .
Seven out of 10 said Ed Miliband fearful of a Labour Government .
Comes after 100 business chiefs signed an open letter in support of Tories .
Mr Miliband said letter only showed PM backed his rich friends in the City .
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison and other government buildings freeing many prisoners .
Government troops clash with the fighters most of whom flee .
Yemen is descending into chaos as a ShiaSunni conflict draws in regional rivals Saudi Arabia and Iran .
Miss Sturgeon made the call in debate at King's College Aberdeen tonight .
Said she wants powers 'as quickly as the other parties agree to give them'
Scots Labour leader Jim Murphy said move would ruin country's finances .
Drop in value of North Sea oil would mean a £7.6bn hole in the budget .
Mr Rennie who openly admitted the LibDems had broken a promise not to raise tuition fees cautioned Miss Sturgeon against breaking her promise that last year's referendum was a 'onceinageneration' vote.
Miss Davidson was forced to accept the UK Government could not stand in the way of another referendum.
Mr Harvie called for the end of North Sea oil extraction – in a city where thousands of workers rely on its future.
Hodor is a character in Game of Thrones who only speaks a single word .
Expert says he may have the neurological condition expressive aphasia .
This is where there is a lesion in the part of the brain that controls speech .
Condition usually caused by a blow to the head stroke or a tumour .
Alex OxladeChamberlain and Kieran Gibbs met up with rapper Tyga .
The Arsenal stars took the Rack City artist for tour around the Emirates .
Arsenal take on Hull in the Premier League on Monday night .
READ: Arsenal Chelsea and Tottenham chase  wonder boy Charlie Patin .
Cara Newton 32 was told she was infertile after undergoing chemotherapy .
Was diagnosed with the rare bone cancer Ewing's sarcoma in 2009 .
Some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries producing eggs .
After IVF failed she was overjoyed to conceive baby Sebastian naturally .
Albert Roux has been dating a string of ladies since divorcing heiress wife .
They include a Ukrainian cloakroom attendant an artist and a tea hostess .
The 79yearold is said to have spent thousands on one of the women .
Last year it emerged his wife was divorcing him on grounds of adultery .
Queensland woman Roxy Walsh found an inscribed gold ring in Bali .
The sentimental jewellery piece was found at a Bali resort on Tuesday .
She launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it .
Ms Walsh said she has found the owner and will meet 'THE Joe and Jenny' for breakfast in Noosa on Sunday .
It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from .
Presenters met with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman in London .
Came hours after Mr Wilman a close friend of Clarkson quit the BBC .
Meeting fueled speculation that team will reunite to launch show with rival .
James May says BBC should not attempt show with 'surrogate Jeremy'
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time recently at the Tobu Zoo in Tokyo .
However curiosity soon got the better of the cats and one accidentally fell into the play pool .
His brothers quickly came to the rescue after noticing he was in trouble .
Charity campaign aimed at 'women of all different shapes and sizes'
For the first time ever the models featured range from a size 10 to 20 .
M&S Debenhams and Laura Ashley have all designed charity collections .
Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell have starred in previous years' shoots .
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island .
Footage shows the 39yearold leaping out of the helicopter in a wingsuit .
Ball's Pyramid is the world's tallest volcanic stack between Australia and New Zealand .
Andreas Christopheros was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his Truro Cornwall home on December 9 .
Nicole Phillips 45 from Hastings has been charged with perverting the course of justice and will appear at magistrates' in Bodmin on April 30 .
Husband David Phillips 48 had already been charged over the attack .
Has denied grevious bodily harm with intent and will stand trial in June .
Mario Ambarita climbed on to passenger jet flying from island of Sumatra .
Crawled from wheel housing of the plane at Jakarta airport in 'dazed state'
Airport bosses say his 'fingers turned blue and his left ear was bleeding'
The 21yearold Indonesian man said he was desperately 'looking for work'
The UK has overtaken France after seeing growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 .
Britain has the second most powerful economy in Europe behind Germany .
IMF is forecasting growth of 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016 .
Within the G7 only the US is expected to perform better than Britain .
Center for Campus Involvement announced cancellation Tuesday in response to complaints about portrayals of Arabs in the film .
Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui started a petition saying the subject of the film late Navy SEAL Chris Kyle was 'mass killer' and 'a racist'
University apologized and said American Sniper will be replaced at Friday's mixer with PGrated children's film Paddington .
Conservative student group started competing petition calling on U of M to screen the Iraq War drama .
Football coach Jim Harbaugh weighed in and said the team was 'proud' of Chris Kyle and would screen the film for players .
Waheed Ahmed 21 was held by antiterror police at Birmingham Airport .
Student is accused of trying to take eight family members into Syria .
He was arrested in Turkish border town with family including four children .
Karen Gaynor appeared in court accused of causing criminal damage .
Came after she pruned neighbour's tree that was hanging over her garden .
Prosecution said her pruning was beyond lawful and had caused damage .
But magistrates took just 15 minutes to find Ms Gaynor not guilty .
Josh Warrington earns points victory against Dennis Tubieron .
24yearold admitted to being bored during the onesided fight .
Vinnie Jones accompanied the featherweight to the ring .
Malia Obama is already visiting schools and will attend college in fall 2016 .
11th grader 16 goes to private Sidwell Friends School in Washington D.C.
She has already visited schools like Harvard Stanford Columbia and Yale .
President Obama said he's 'sad' and he tears 'up in the middle of the day'
Malia's younger sister Sasha 13 has more time until she considers college .
Bafetimbi Gomis suffered a grade two hamstring tear earlier this month .
Striker is set to be on the sidelines for another two to three weeks .
Gomis returned to France to work on recovery and spend time with family .
Three tons of ivory discovered in secondbiggest bust in Thailand's history .
It had travelled via Sri Lanka Malaysia and Singapore on a ship from Kenya .
Last week Thailand seized four tons of tusks smuggled from Congo .
Summer Elbardissy was partying at the Beta Theta Pi frat house last year .
She 'tried to reach makeshift roof deck' but fell out of thirdfloor window .
Rushed to hospital with brain injury a broken skull and bruising on lung .
Forced to relearn skills such as walking swallowing food and dressing .
Seven months on 19yearold is still recovering from traumatic injuries .
She has filed lawsuit against fraternity house accusing it of negligence .
In 24page document she also accuses Wesleyan University of 'failing to protect her from dangers at the frat house' despite city officials' reports .
Easter favourites hot cross buns used to be eaten all year round .
Queen Elizabeth I tried to ban them but allowed them to be eaten at Easter .
Now supermarkets are bringing out more varieties to tempt customers .
Clare Verrall was randomly attacked while walking her dog on Wednesday .
The Melbourne woman was just streets from her Prahan home .
She suffered a black eye broken nose broken toe and other injuries .
Ms Verrall managed to get away by kneeing her attacker in the groin .
She credits the kickboxing and selfdefence classes for her escape .
Daisy fell 10ft from quay into sea during holiday in Caernarfon North Wales .
Westie was rescued by passing fisherman after disappearing below waves .
Owners Dave Rickard and his wife Brenda gave lifeless pet the kiss of life .
Mr Rickard 72 said he acted 'instinctively' to save their beloved pet .
Gary Cahill has won four cup competitions since joining Chelsea .
The defender could win the league for the first time this season .
Cahill believes league glory would be his toughest achievement yet .
Police say the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle as the water rose around them .
Around 150 water rescues as Kentucky residents continue to leave homes .
Seven inches of rain pounded Ohio Valley as storms move across South .
Dozens of vehicles abandoned as sections of the Interstate 64 closed .
Caroline Wozniacki will compete at the French Open which begins May 25 .
Danish star predicted she would play at Roland Garros when she was 11 .
Former world No 1 also revealed a sneak preview of her adidas outfit .
Officer Michael Rapiejko was sued in New York over claims he used excessive force during an arrest .
The city settled the lawsuit while Rapiejko and others admitted no guilt .
Rapiejko left the NYPD voluntarily in 2006 source tells CNN .
Fiveyearold had accidentally been locked in by grandma .
She ran to the window to shout her but fell between the metal slats .
Neighbours used piece of pipe and other items to take weight off neck .
Emergency crews arrived 30 minutes later to free her from railings .
Amjad Yaaqub 16 saw ISIS militants kicking a severed head in the camp .
They also beat the schoolboy unconscious while looking for his brother .
Meanwhile 55yearold Ibrahim Abdel Fatah said children are being killed .
Extremists are slaughtering innocents in front of their parents he revealed .
Kitty Carroll was last seen playing at the Kemah Boardwalk Marina in Texas on Wednesday but when her father checked on her she was gone .
Authorities launched a search from sea and air and her body was found early on Thursday morning near the marina .
Family members said she had been celebrating her fifth birthday before she went missing .
Police will review nearby surveillance footage to determine what happened .
Aljaz Bedene wins first round of qualifying for Casablanca Open .
Beats Frenchman Maxime Chazal in straight sets 63 62 in Morocco .
Bedene is now British No 2 behind Andy Murray after switch .
Nico Rosberg reckons Lewis Hamilton has the psychological advantage .
Rosberg was unhappy with the British driver after the Chinese GP .
However the German insists that the disagreement is all forgotten .
MarkFrancis Vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches .
The Made In Chelsea star has 16 timepieces in his collection .
They come from high end businesses including Cartier Rolex and Bulgari .
JeanMcConville 37 was taken from her Belfast home by masked gang .
She was accused of being a British army informer by republicans .
The motheroften was suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead .
Gerry Adams said incidents like her murder happen 'in every single conflict'
Bitglass created 1568 fake details and released them on the Dark Web .
Data landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks .
Overall data was viewed more than 1000 times and downloaded 47 times .
Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia .
French actress is filmed photographed and judged as she 'ages'
Motheroftwo is followed throughout her day showing effects of fatigue .
Public guess her age based on photos to promote new Garnier face cream .
Rafa Benitez's contract at Napoli expires this summer and he is set to leave .
Manchester City West Ham and Newcastle could be looking for a new boss .
Benitez was a success at Liverpool but struggled to win over Chelsea fans .
But he still won the Europa League with the Blues and they are thankful .
He would bring success to almost any Premier League team next season .
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud .
Liftoff has been rescheduled by SpaceX for tomorrow at 4.10pm ET .
If successful it will prove affordable reusuable rockets are possible .
Julio Acevedo 46 was driving BMW that hit Nachman and Raizel Glauber .
Williamsburg couple died instantly baby delivered but died the next day .
Driver given 25 years to life because of previous felony convictions .
Acevedo has rap sheet including DWI gun offences and manslaughter .
Experience wartime Britain with an ice cream and a lindy hop .
Or take part in one of the oldest competitive sporting events in the UK .
The Brighton Art Festival will display the best of quirkiness .
Photograph taken of 23yearold boy band star partying in London .
Appears to be rolling a joint and is beside box of green substance .
Tomlinson has been partying hard for 48 hours and went clubbing last night .
Comes after Tomlinson appeared on exclusive Daily Mail Online video in which Zayn Malik appeared to smoke drug .
Bandmate Liam Payne then issued apology for video .
KFC opened 219 of its kitchens to hundreds of people on Saturday .
Fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness .
Move was designed to prove to customers the chain uses fresh chickens .
Tour skeptics expressed surprise at the quality of ingredients used .
But health experts have warned consumers not to mistake good hygiene standards and 'freshness' for healthiness .
Family festival is located in Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest .
Music includes a wide range of local bands and dance tents in the woods .
Food is locally sourced and there's a picnic on Sunday with a free hamper .
Stressed out parents can head for the woodland spa while their little ones play sport or do art classes .
Divers located and harnessed the dumped items which have included shopping trolleys mopeds and even cars .
A 100tonne crane has now been put in place to lift the abandoned objects from the bottom of the river bed .
The extent of the rubbish in the River Avon was recently revealed after a survey of flood defences in Bath .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Davy McGregor posted the gruesome ear injury on his Twitter page .
The Heriot's Racing Club hooker had been playing against the Barbarians .
Diego Costa to be given late fitness test following hamstring injury .
John Obi Mikel will not be included despite recovering from knee injury .
Jon Walters expected to shake off a calk knock for Stoke City .
Marc Muniesa expected back after five games out with hamstring problem .
Take part in probably the world's largest Easter egg hunts in the maze at Traquair castle .
Bottle feed lambs in Wales .
Channel your inner Ray Mears at Hadrian's Wall .
Watch fireworks to celebrate the 500th birthday of Hampton Court .
Watch medieval jousting at Hedingham Castle .
Tread the boards with the Royal Shakespeare Theatre .
Bobbi Ann House 39 is currently ontherun for check fraud .
Her and husband Zackerie House 27 believed to be camping in Oklahoma .
Allegedly used bad checks worth $13500 in Oregon Colorado and Oklahoma .
Bobbi Ann hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at 14 servicemen .
She would move around different military bases stealing money .
Spent at least seven months in prison but was recently released .
Ali Gordon and Lydia Millen met when he liked her picture on Instagram .
The couple then met up at a party and started dating four months later .
Fitness fanatic Ali then started to help Lydia transform her fitness .
He taught her about training techniques and nutrition .
The Night Wolves biker gang has been banned from entering Poland .
They are proPutin and the Russian leader has ridden with them .
Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine .
Germany has also said that the Russian bikers would not be welcome .
Adjoining homes are virtually identical boasting indoor pool and  sea views .
But one of the beachfront homes in Poole has an extra ensuite bedroom .
Properties have replaced a fourstorey house which was sold for £4.5m .
Lloyds Property Group said they would suit couple who like independence .
Chef Sam Longhurst of Splendid Kitchen Manchester created the burger .
The 10inch tall Whole Damn Farm burger weighs half a kilogram .
Two beef burgers chicken thigh pulled pork bacon ham and bacon jam .
Wayne Heneker says the incident a year ago still haunts him today .
He was dropping off funds at a Queensland tavern when he was ambushed .
Mr Heneker shot the masked gunman when he tried to tackle him .
Seconds later Mr Heneker discovered the man was an excolleague .
Mr Heneker says he still struggles to cope with the fact he shot his friend .
It is 24 years to the day since Paul Gascoigne scored in the FA Cup semifinal against Arsenal .
Gascoigne struck a fierce 35yard freekick that beat David Seaman .
It was hailed as one of the best goals in Wembley history and that comment still applies .
Flat in trendy area of Peckham southeast London up for rent with a leak .
Gumtree advert informs people looking at double room that 'ceiling drips'
As a result the room in otherwise modern flat is available for just £400 pcm .
Over the last year and a half Peckham has witnessed a boom in rent prices .
Jennifer Houle went missing between 1am and 2am on Friday during a night out with a friend in Minneapolis .
Police discovered video footage showing her alone on a nearby bridge and said she entered the water  but it is not clear if she jumped or fell .
Teams searching the water recovered her body on Wednesday .
Medical examiner's office say Houle died of freshwater drowning .
Harry Kane is approaching 30 goals for the season in all competitions .
Mauricio Pochettino says Kane is similar to Gabriel Batistuta .
Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for the England Under 21s in the summer .
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had Pep Guardiola in 2012 .
But the Spaniard was spooked by Abramovich's regular hiring and firing .
Guardiola craves the stability he has found at Bayern Munich .
And he will seek similar assurances should he join Manchester City .
Pellegrini's time at the Etihad appears to be drawing to a close .
City are clinging on to fourth spot in thePremier League .
READ: Patrick Vieira has all the tools to become next Man City manager .
Saracens lost 139 to Clermont at Stade GeoffroyGuichard on Saturday .
The Sarries pack contained five Englishqualified forwards .
Saracens’ millionaire chairman Nigel Wray wants the salary cap scrapped .
Landen Martin two was killed after running behind the car on Sunday .
His uncle 19yearold Joshua Saunders was backing out of the driveway of a Gainesville Georgia home when the accident occurred police said .
The child was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center .
Saunders was arrested on charges including reckless driving leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .
Motorist tried to overtake the lorry on A39 between Street and Glastonbury .
It had been stuck behind 22tonne HGV for several miles after motorway .
Driver misjudged gap as road narrowed and lost control of car at 50mph .
Nick Townley 49 who was driving lorry captured moment on dash cam .
James Creag suffers from rare condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria .
He wears a thick brown sunscream to block out harmful rays which would leave him in agony .
But after strangers taunted him with racist abuse he stopped using it .
John Clarkson's chocolate pie is covered in pastry before being battered .
'Pieeggra' dish sold at Mr Eaters Fish and Chips in Preston Lancashire .
Each expertly baked and fried pie contains one and a half Creme eggs .
Duke officials are attempting to work out who hung the noose on the tree .
Officials said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday .
The shocking incident comes just two weeks after another race attack .
Officials said anyone found responsible will be held accountable .
Neymar opens the scoring for Barcelona after just 18 minutes thanks to an assist from Lionel Messi .
Luis Suarez makes it 20 after a brilliant individual goal  nutmegging David Luiz before beating two more defenders .
Suarez scores his second of the night in equally stunning fashion  again nutmegging Luiz .
Gregory van der Wiel's deflected effort gives PSG some hope ahead of the second leg on April 21st .
Sarah Harding and Denise Van Outen are the latest bigname signings to agree to contracts with British soap operas .
They join a long line of stars who've looked to soaps to boost their careers .
Barbara Windsor Patsy Kensit and Danny Dyer all saw their profiles rise after taking to the small screen .
The firm lost £37.3million after revenues fell by a third over the past year .
Wonga has been hit by public controversy and forced to  compensate customers over fake legal letters .
New cap on payday loan interest rates is set to damage company further .
A statue of Lucille Ball in Celeron New York was dubbed so offensive the artist has offered to fix the statue for free .
However there are unrecognisable celebrity effigies all over the world .
FEMAIL rounds up the very worst star statues wax works and figurines .
Bayern director Matthias Sammer is worried about average age of squad .
Sammer insists the Bundesliga giants must blood 'new generation'
Philipp Lahm and Bastian Schweinsteiger are both in their 30s .
Housing association tenants are paying £150 a week to live in £1m homes .
Properties are owned by associations as part of affordable housing pledge .
New righttobuy legislation could see tenants able to purchase homes .
They will be offered discounts to buy their properties giving an extra benefit to those who currently occupy flats in Mayfair for cheap rents .
For more than 40 years the lyrics of American Pie have been puzzled over .
This week the handwritten lyrics sold for more than $1 million at auction .
The verses contain hidden references to seminal events of the 50s and 60s .
It includes nods to Buddy Holly Charles Manson and Martin Luther King .
An Amnesty International report calls for attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan to be investigated .
The report examines the persecution of activists not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords but also by government officials .
Some activists continue their work despite their lives being at risk .
Jayden Wingler of  Arizona was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs .
While on camera the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wideeyed facial expressions to match his emotions .
Dr Unt Tun Maung 43 working as a locum GP on Teesside at time of attack .
He asked vulnerable girl to remove her bra before cupping her breasts .
Court told he was a clever respected man who had a 'moment of madness'
Currently suspended and is facing General Medical Council investigation .
Shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race'
Mr Umunna claimed Mr Farage had failed to tackle the racists in his party .
Intervention comes after Mr Farage was dragged into a fresh race storm .
National Front members campaigned for him in South Thanet constituency .
Newcastle entertain Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday .
Newcastle's  31 defeat vs Tottenham was their sixth straight loss in league .
Magpies sit seven points clear of the relegation zone with five games left .
Chelsea sealed a 10 victory against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge .
Eden Hazard struck in the 38th minute after a storming run into the box .
John Terry marshalled the Chelsea defensive line superbly .
Wayne Rooney's midfield role blunted his influence .
Radamel Falcao struggled to cope with Terry all afternoon .
Ronnie O'Sullivan is a five time World Snooker Champion .
The Rocket revealed his mind wanders to his stomach during games .
The world No 2 claims he never gets nervous hunting a 147 break .
The 39yearold was speaking in an interview with Forever Sports .
L'Hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century ship of the same name .
The original fought with American colonists against the British in the Revolutionary War .
Jeffrey Toobin: SCOTUS to decide samesex marriage as U.S. largely in favor. Did framers intend this? That doesn't always matter .
He says originalists on the court may hew to conservative view but most of the justices have given clues that they see writing on wall .
Profile in Courage award is going to a Republican congressman who risked his career while recognizing the danger of climate change .
Authors: Addressing climate challenge is today's moon shot an enormous effort that will pay big benefits .
Two million high school students admitted to using ecigarettes in 2014 .
That is an increase of 13 per cent from the 660000 recorded in 2013 .
Traditional cigarette use has plummeted by 9 per cent CDC study shows .
Experts warn ecigarette marketing is not regulated .
Investigation shows colleagues expressed concerns about Robert Bates .
Probe reveals he was not given special treatment during his application .
However report in 2009 says he was once he was employed in Tulsa .
Supervisors allegedly intimated colleagues to benefit Bates .
He has been charged with seconddegree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris in Tulsa Oklahoma on April 2 .
District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation .
Winds swept the ocean foam off lashing waves before mixing it with sand from the shore line .
The result was a bizarre and grotesque yellow thick jellylike foam substance which coated the entire beach .
It stretched more than 15 metres up Avoca Beach in the Central Coast and onto the pathways and shrubbery .
Sylvia Freedman who was holidaying there when the storm hit captured the strange phenomenon on her camera .
Leicester City take on West Ham at the King Power Stadium on Saturday .
Foxes boss Nigel Pearson has come under fire this season for some of his antics this season .
These have included outbursts to the press and an altercation with Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur in February .
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and his record .
The pair have worked together before when Pearson was part of Allardyce's coaching team at Newcastle in 2007 .
Rafa Benitez won the Champions League and FA Cup with Liverpool .
But the Spaniard is little more than a cup manager lacking league titles .
Liverpool fans are grateful to Benitez for his successes .
But the Kop faithful won't mind him coming back to England with new club .
Cristiano Ronaldo bagged five goals in 91 victory against Granada .
Karim Benzema scored twice for Carlo Ancelotti's Real Madrid side .
Benzema believes Ronaldo 'deserves everything he has achieved'
Heida Reed has claimed audiences' obsession with her costar is 'sexist'
She said Aidan Turner is being 'objectified' in a form of 'reverse sexism'
Hundreds of viewers have expressed delight about Turner's bare chest .
Little Stella Schaefer is in prison with murderaccused Heather Mack 19 .
The first picture of the baby's face was taken outside a court in Bali today .
Mack and Tommy Schaefer 21 alleged to have murdered Mack's mother .
Lawyers for the American pair today said they reject premeditated charges .
Major bank warns against Labour government propped up by the the SNP .
Morgan Stanley says antiausterity agenda would lead to bank rate hike .
Second bank says Labour would be dragged to the left by the nationalists .
Report a blow to the party's attempt to show voters economic competence .
Expert identified man who fought with British troops as Friedrich Brandt .
The remains are the first complete skeleton to be recovered from Waterloo .
A piece of wood a spoon and a month's wages turned out to be vital clues .
Andras Janos Vass 25 found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering .
Lured at least two young men to America via Planet Romeo dating site .
Thought they would be offered legal escort work earning $5000 a month .
Victims said they had travel documents taken and were forced into sex .
Vass's sex ring which he allegedly ran with two other men started in NYC .
Moved to Miami in late 2012 where Vass has been standing trial .
He faces up to 155 years in prison for his crime  with minimum of 21 years .
A short film highlights the nasty things people say about the homeless .
People who sleep rough in Toronto read tweets people made about them .
They include: 'I hate when it's cold because the homeless get on the bus'
Pep Guardiola has been linked with a move to Manchester City .
Spanish boss has a threeyear contract with Bayern Munich .
CEO KarlHeinz Rummenigge believes Guardiola will stay with Bayern .
New research indicates that a play published in 1728 was written by William Shakespeare .
Scholar Lewis Theobald had passed the work off as his own .
Texas researchers used software to analyze and compare the language of the men .
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the Tampa property in 2013 for $2 million and had wanted to film a reality show about strippers at the mansion .
He admitted defeat on Friday after being found guilty of violating zoning codes due to noisey private functions held at the residence including the Midsummer Night Wet Dream event .
Residents of the nearby Cheval West community had repeatedly complained about the noise coming from the seven acre property .
On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules and threatened to fine him .
He has put the property back on the market for $2.3 million .
Western jihadis are ranked well below Iraqi and Saudi nationals by ISIS .
They are forced to cook and clean for the more experienced fighters .
To prove their worth and build a reputation European fighters treat their prisoners with shocking cruelty and sadism .
Seen as the only way for inexperienced terrorists to climb the ISIS ranks .
Jordan Henderson is set to sign an improved deal with Liverpool .
The 24yearold midfielder has 14 months left on his current contract .
Henderson could replace Steven Gerrard as club captain this summer .
Liverpool will resume talks with Raheem Sterling at the end of the season .
READ: Liverpool launch bid to rival Man Utd for PSV's Memphis Depay .
First drawing of Yellow Submarine to fetch more than £10000 at auction .
Rare celluloid painting depicts vessel used in 1968 film starring Beatles .
Featuring handwritten notes it was used as a master for animation team .
Yellow Submarine was a success  and led to The Beatles' 10th studio album .
47yearold  arrested  on suspicion of perverting the course of justice .
Released from bail conditions almost a year after his arrest last July .
Police say he provided details which have progressed investigation .
Miss Lawrence was reported missing by her father in York in 2009 .
'Crystal clear' footage was found by worker based 50ft away from scene .
Police reportedly only knew about video when worker flagged it up to them .
Met refused to release CCTV despite claims it's better than existing video .
Last week Scotland Yard released CCTV a day after images were revealed in the media .
Stefania La Greca is standing for election for the Lega Sud Ausonia party .
She has posted dozens of selfies and pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis .
But the stunning 36yearold denied she was using her looks to get votes .
Aaron Cresswell has impressed during debut season in Premier League .
The left back joined West Ham from Championship club Ipswich for £2m .
Manchester City and Chelsea are both keen to sign the 25yearold .
Both clubs are mindful of boosting their quota of homegrown players .
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter .
Apple didn't report any results for the new Apple Watch .
Believed around 2 million watches have been sold according to estimates .
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld died while swimming in Hampstead .
He was seen in difficulty in water at 5.30pm and body recovered at 11pm .
Eyewitnesses claim emergency services crew watched as boys dived in .
Family pay tribute to 'wonderful' and 'friendly' teenager .
Attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department may reportedly block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc.
Attorneys with the DOJ's antitrust division are concerned that the merger would hurt consumers .
Officials from both Comcast and Time Warner Cable have denied the reports .
Mr Gordon was forced to quit Labor after being accused of domestic violence .
Mr Katter accused the Queensland Government of assuming Mr Gordon would quit from the allegations .
Mr Katter said he had been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past .
Rory McIlroy heads to the Masters hoping to complete a career grand slam .
Bose have released a video chronicling McIlroy's early career .
The 2015 Masters kicks off at Augusta on April 9 .
READ: McIlroy warned Tiger Woods he would catch him after penning golf legend a letter... when he was just nine years old!
CLICK HERE for all the latest news and buildup to the  Masters 2015 .
Choc on Choc's chocolates come in three different flavours .
The face of each politician is emblazoned on milk Belgium chocolate bars .
Cameron's has blueberries Clegg is honeycomb and Miliband is raspberry .
Australia hooker Nathan Charles was born with cystic fibrosis .
He has overcome the life threatening disease to pursue a rugby career .
Charles spoke about his experiences in a promotional video .
Ian Walters veered his pickup truck off M1 when 'very angry' court told .
He and wife Tracy were returning from 'make or break' trip in Yorkshire .
Witnesses say the vehicle 'exploded' sending luggage and dogs flying .
Walters also a driving test instructor denies murder  the trial continues .
Growing questions over the conduct of Michael Slager's fellow officers .
Few questions appear to have been initially raised about  Slager's account of a struggle .
Other discrepancies between witness video and internal police report .
Authorities refuse to day if any other officers will be disciplined .
Civil rights leaders say of Slager's actions 'this would have been another cover up'
Former District Judge G. Todd Baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association .
Yellowstone Area Bar Association President Jessica Fehr said Thursday that Baugh was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors .
Baugh 73 sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14yearold girl shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher .
He sentenced Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case .
At the sentencing Baugh said 14yearold Cherice Moralez was 'as much in control of the situation' as Rambold .
He also described Moralez as 'older than her chronological age' and called her a troubled youth .
Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial .
After prosecutors appealed Rambold was resentenced in September and is serving 10 years in Montana State Prison. He is appealing the sentence .
The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon will hold the 2016 Olympic rowing races .
Currently the lake is filled with thousands of dead twaite shad fish .
Rio's waterways are choked with raw sewage and rubbish and concerns have been raised over health and safety ahead of the Olympics .
Officials say the deaths are due to a plummet in the water temperature .
Andrew Chan is the youngest of four children and the son of Chinese immigrants who worked as a supervisor for a catering company .
Myuran Sukumaran a university dropout and the eldest of three lived with his parents while working in a mail room .
Both men revealed that flashy lifestyles attracted them to drug smuggling .
They were arrested in 2005 for organising eight kilos of heroin to be smuggled out of Indonesia and sentenced to death five months later .
In nearly ten years on death row Chan found God and become a Christian pastor Sukumaran became an artist .
Millions of Chinese enjoy the Qingming Festival  'Pure Brightness Festival'  to celebrate the coming spring .
Last day of festival sees Chinese families visit their ancestors' graves to clean burn paper money and pray .
Record number of journeys made by Chinese over the threeday public holiday which falls in April every year .
Marissa Holcomb was held up in Channelview Texas on March 31 .
Robber held her at gunpoint and emptied $400 from the till .
She was fired a day later after refusing to pay back the money .
The store said she broke their policy by having so much cash in the till .
Holcomb is five months pregnant with her fourth child .
The store have apologized and offered her job back with $2000 backpay .
Popeyes CEO Cheryl Bachelder asked the owner to 'rectify' the issue .
Vijay Das: Soso jobs numbers contain truth that worries labor experts: Too much American job growth is in parttime lowincome work.
He says erratic work schedules tied to customer traffic wreaks havoc with lowwage workers' lives. Congress can fix this .
Ambra Battilana 22 did not 'cooperate' with authorities for four days .
Has been claimed delay was because she wanted to try and land a film role .
But once that came to nothing she decided to pursue the criminal case .
Sting by NYPD shows Weinstein did not deny touching her it is claimed .
He denies allegations and has spoken to police who have not filed charges .
Lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering spelling out what's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home .
At least 30 were injured in Colorado alone in 2014 in butane explosions involving hash oil .
People make hash oil at home to save money make it to personal taste or as a hobby .
Eight faculty members at Columbia University penned an oped accusing Dr Oz's onair tactics of sullying the reputation of the Ivy League school .
But they said he should not be forced to stepped down from his 'wellearned position' at Columbia because of these 'foibles'
It comes after 10 doctors called on Columbia to fire Oz for promoting 'quack treatments' on his TV show including weightloss supplements .
The piece came as Dr Oz insisted his show would survive the criticism and said the doctors only attacked him for supporting GMA labeling .
Finalround collapse at Augusta National in 2011 was the most important day of career McIlroy reveals .
McIlroy has just one top10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances .
The Northern Irishman finished joint eighth last year .
Fitness fan Jennifer is famous for her curves but her arms are also toned .
The motheroftwo has completed triathlons. She avoids sugar and salt .
Try modified pushups which activate the entire upper body .
Staff were locked out of Scooter's Coffee page starting at 5pm on Sunday .
Hackers plastered feed with adult cartoons and links to explicit pages .
Happened after employee clicked on link purporting to be from Facebook .
London mayor Boris Johnson has urged Ukip supporters to vote Tory .
He said Ukip supporters realise a vote for Ukip is a 'vote for Ed Miliband'
Conservative votes would avoid the 'nightmare' of SNP propping up Labour .
Mr Johnson yesterday campaigned in Kent where Nigel Farage is standing .
A top official with President Dilma Rousseff's ruling party is arrested in bribery probe .
Joao Vaccari Neto denies wrongdoing says all donations were legal .
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians have protested against Rousseff in the last few months .
More than 400 items from Rick Baker's Cinovation studio will be auctioned .
Artist has worked on hits like Men In Black Batman Forever and Gremlins .
Baker worked on Michael Jackson's Moonwalker film and Thriller video .
This is first time these items from 64yearold's collection open to public .
Auction will be held in Los Angeles California on May 29 and also online .
Boris Johnson issues rally cry to defeat Ed Miliband in ‘Battle For Britain’
London Mayor has warned that Labour victory next month would be 'mad'
He says Conservatives need five years to 'entrench the economic recovery'
Sharon Winters 39 from Wirral met chef Kevin Hawke online in July 2014 .
He stabbed her in a frenzied attack barely two weeks after they met .
Her brother Stephen Robinson warns women about online dating dangers .
The 'horrific' Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to over 100 people .
Queensland Police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents .
It has seen a fatal house fire stabbings brawls and continual violence .
Ambulance officers will only enter the park under police protection .
‘We’ll get up to mischief here on occasions' owner Bob Purcell said .
Sixyearold Lucy Howarth completely unfazed by the Prime Minister .
Youngster pulled a series of faces as Mr Cameron tried to read to her class .
He had visited primary school in Bolton to unveil new Tory schools policy .
Pupils who get poor SATs will be forced to resit them in secondary school .
PM said he wanted  'more rigour and zero tolerance of failure' in schools .
Balthazar King and Ballycasey fell on first circuit at Aintree on Saturday .
Balthazar King needed veterinary treatment on the course after the fall .
Ruby Walsh acted as flag man to warn riders to avoid the horse .
William Smith was 15 when he fell in love with Marilyn Buttigieg then 44 .
Met after he was invited round to play computer games with her son .
Pair from Crawley West Sussex say they have proved their critics wrong .
Marilyn's children have all but cut off contact with the lovedup pair .
Marilyn now 54 left her then husband to be with William now 25 .
30stone woman's 'perfect belly' attracted men from around the world .
Gayla Neufeld always struggled with her size weighing 13 stone aged eight .
The 52yearold now embraces her belly and works as a webcam model .
Texan Gayla met her husband Lance from Canada on a fatfetish forum .
Russia says Kim Jong Un has canceled trip to Moscow .
Frida Ghitis: Gauging Kim's state of mind no easy task .
Memory neurons that covert shortterm memory to longterm work most effectively when a person is asleep scientists believe .
Brandeis University scientists believe memory neurons put us to sleep .
Say you need to sleep to consolidate and remember what you've learned .
Flight Centre founder Geoff Harris sells home for $5.5 million .
The sprawling Melbourne mansion is located in Port Melbourne .
He accepted the offer from a couple at an auction on Saturday .
The selfmade millionaire is reportedly worth $975 million .
He is known for his work with charities and his involvement in AFL .
Manchester City beaten 21 by Crystal Palace on Easter Monday .
£40m signing Eliaquim Mangala was left on the bench .
Crystal Palace's entire starting XI cost just £17million .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Andy Murray and longtime girlfriend Kim Sears will tie the knot in the Scottish town of Dunblane on Saturday .
The British No 1 and his partner met when they were teenagers at the US Open in New York in 2005 .
Murray and Sears confirmed their engagement last November after more than nine years together .
Juventus are interested in Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling .
The Italian champions are also taking calls for star man Paul Pogba .
Juventus want at least £55million for the former Man United midfielder .
READ: Liverpool launch bid to rival Man Utd for PSV's Memphis Depay .
READ: Liverpool set for summer overhaul with TEN Kop stars on way out .
The value of the drugs is estimated at more than $105 million .
Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens on board the vessel .
Rangers' final day match with Hearts has returned to Saturday May 2 .
The league had caused controversy by moving the fixture to May 3 24 hours after promotion rivals Hibernian would have completed their campaign .
Broadcasters Sky have decided to screen Rangers' match live .
Borussia Dortmund host Bayern Munich on Saturday at Signal Iduna Park .
Teams contest Germany's biggest domestic game Der Klassiker .
But little is riding on it with Bayern Munich cruising to Bundesliga title .
Dortmund hope home win will keep them in shout of Europa League spot .
Scientists and biologists arrived Wednesday to determine how the massive mammal died .
The animal is one of 17 dead sperm whales to beach along the North Coast of California in over 40 years .
Officials say it's not immediately clear would be done with the carcass after the examination .
Jordan Spieth hails autistic younger sibling as his biggest supporter .
Icecool display made him secondyoungest winner behind Tiger Woods .
West Spruill 39 has been charged with murdering Ann Charle 36 on Monday evening in the Bronx .
Spruill allegedly ordered her to undress at gun point and sexually assaulted her .
As she escaped he chased her and then allegedly shot the motheroftwo dead .
The 39yearold lived at the 108bed center from last June until January .
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley owns 9.82 per cent stake in Rangers .
Rangers were fined £5500 by Scottish FA for breaching two rules .
Ashley was himself fined £7500 last month concerning dual ownership .
Kim Hill was abused by her stepfather from a young age .
He forced her to wear lingerie and watch 'sick porn' films aged nine .
Kim never revealed what had happened until she met her husband Rob .
With his encouragement Kim reported her abuser and saw him sentenced .
Derek Osborne was jailed for 21 years in 2013 aged 72 .
He confessed to abusing other girls as well as raping another woman .
Kim has now set up a blog to help other victims of sexual assault .
Inter Milan are hoping to sign Manchester City's Yaya Toure this summer .
But Marco Fassone admits Toure's fee and wages might scupper a deal .
Inter are working on new contracts for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic .
Serie A club also hope to tie down goalkeeper Samir Handanovic .
Chelsea star Diego Costa looks set to miss his side's next two games .
Costa was forced off through injury shortly after coming on at the interval .
Jose Mourinho has revealed Costa is likely to be out for 'a couple of weeks'
Chelsea face QPR and Manchester United in next two league matches .
Click here to read Sami Mokbel's match report from Stamford Bridge .
Manchester City lost 42 to rivals United at Old Trafford on Sunday .
City manager Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat .
Club sources say that Pellegrini is unlikely to be axed before end of season .
Patrick Vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager .
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard to be given special merit awards .
Gerrard is leaving to join LA Galaxy Lampard moving to New York City FC .
PFA will hand out the awards this weekend to acknowledge their careers .
Hoda Muthana 20 left Hoover Alabama to join extremists in Raqqa Syria .
Business student tricked her family to escape them and fly to Middle East .
Told how she was helped to plan escape by jihadists she met online .
Cashed in money meant for college courses to pay for her flight .
All incidents concerned flights coming into London Heathrow .
Baku Azerbaijan flight turned around after only 11 minutes with issue .
Passenger on MumbaiLondon flight says 'engine was leaking' and plane diverted to Istanbul Turkey .
Person taken ill on UKbound flight from Angola and plane lands at Paris Charles de Gaulle .
Atletico Madrid can only manage 22 La Liga draw against Malaga .
Fernando Torres puts past his own goalkeeper before halftime .
Antoine Griezmann scores twice to spare Atleti's blushes .
Patient had 19 teeth removed in a series of operations in Munich Germany .
The dentist  known only as K  claimed he was a 'recognised healer'
Alleged the patient had bone inflammation and couldn't have fillings .
Independent report found there was no medical basis for the operations .
The 11 teachers testing coordinators and other administrators were convicted Wednesday of racketeering after a fiveyear investigation .
Evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools across the Atlanta school system with nearly 180 educators involved .
A racketeering charge could carry up to 20 years in prison and most of the defendants will be sentenced on April 8 .
The cheating came to light after The Atlanta JournalConstitution reported in 2008 that some student's scores were statistically improbable .
Prosecutors said the educators were guaranteed bonuses by inflating scores while improving the poor reputation of their school system .
Superintendent Beverly Hall  the alleged ringleader who received up to $500000 in payouts  died of breast cancer as the scandal went to trial .
One principal would wear gloves to erase answers and write in new ones .
Ricardo Moniz has six games to save Notts County from relegation .
The Magpies are  in the League One drop zone one point from safety .
Notts County sacked Shaun Derry as permanent boss on March 23 .
The club have confirmed that Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant .
Gloucester led 1311 at halftime thanks to a Billy Meakes try .
A Charlie Walker try and two Nick Evans penalties kept Quins in the hunt .
Charlie Sharples register another try for the Cheery and Whites .
But two more Evans threepointers kept the home side in front .
Late tries from Marland Yarde and Ollie LindsayHague secured the win .
Andrew Hichens on call to deal with crimes fires and medical emergencies .
First person to be trained and equipped as a first responder to all 999 calls .
Emergency services brought together under one roof in Hayle Cornwall .
But Devon and Cornwall Police Federation chair called it a 'publicity stunt'
The Par 3 Contest is played every year on eve of the Masters Tournament .
World's best players take on a ninehole course with wives girlfriends friends and their kids as caddies .
Tiger Woods and Bubba Watson were some of the many who brought the whole family along to play .
Rory McIlroy brought One Direction's Niall Horan  to caddie the contest .
The Masters Tournament kicks off Thursday at 8am in Augusta Georgia .
Brittany Huber 23 was killed on impact when fiance John Redman 25 lost control of his Lexus in Georgia April 28 2014 .
The couple were heading to Alabama where they were set to get married May 3 .
Redman suffered head trauma and multiple broken bones and was told by his doctors he would likely spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair .
The fiance only found out about Brittany's death a month later .
Redman regained his ability to walk and resumed coaching at Dalton State College .
On March 24 he helped lead his team to its first championship title .
More than 2000 perfectly preserved inscriptions were found on the walls of an underground cave in Naours France .
They were left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme .
Experts believe the bored young soldiers used their spare time to visit the caves which are well known locally .
Only weeks later they were sent to the Somme battlefields where more than a million men were killed or injured .
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction .
Known as the Festival of the Steel Phallus participants pray to a god of fertility and protection from infections .
Rainy weather didn’t ruin the mood at this year’s festival which attracted a large crowd of holidaymakers .
Lewis Hamilton claimed his third straight pole position of the season with a scintillating lap in Shanghai .
Nico Rosberg was just 0.042secs slower than his Mercedes teammate .
German said: 'Oh come on guys' when told he was slower than Hamilton for third time this season .
Sebastian Vettel will start third with Felipe Massa fourth... Valtteri Bottas and Kimi Raikkonen complete third row .
McLaren endured another difficult day with Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso only 17th and 18th on the grid .
Dr Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct .
The Sydney antiageing doctor was inappropriately prescribing drugs .
Steroids and human growth hormone were being given to patients .
NSW Civil and Administrative Tribunal said she was irresponsible .
Ratinho was playing for Remo in the Brazilian Cup on Thursday night .
Remo salvaged a late draw against Atletico PR .
Igor Joao struck in the 76th minute for Remo .
Photo essay book Gays in the Military released by New York photographer Vincent Cianni .
Individual stories tell the history of homosexuals in the military .
Many were discharged because of their sexuality and suffer ongoing psychological damage .
Rape assault and bullying remain prevalent .
Being gay was considered a criminal offense in the U.S. military until 1993 .
More than 10000 people marched in Durban against violence officials say .
Twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns .
A Cape Town resident tweets his complaints against a Zulu King .
David Serbeck 42 was found guilty in 2012 of unlawful sex with a 17yearold girl in 2007 and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison .
Another teenage girl's father Reginald Campos shot Serbeck in 2009 for stalking his daughter severing his spine and leaving him paralyzed .
His 17yearold victim came forward after Campos shot him .
Serbeck's defense now argues jury gave him a long sentence after being led to believe he was shot while out looking for more girls to exploit .
Scott Stephenson went through the pockets of man dying from the cold .
He was due to be sentenced for theft but failed to turn up to court .
At hearing today 19yearold was bailed again before sentencing .
Outside court he shouted and swore in front of nearby diners .
Ukraine Premier League outfit FC Chernomorets are struggling financially .
Club could face relegation and UEFA disqualification due to mounting debt .
FC Chernomorets have been forced to sell their best players as a result too .
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group .
Professors of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image is dangerous .
The Professor said it represents a broader anticaesarean sentiment .
World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
Cordula Schacht is representing the case against Random House Germany .
Her own father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics .
Dispute over historian Peter Longerich's book Goebbels released in 2010 .
Paying money would be 'immoral' Rainer Dresen of Random House said .
Jimmy Anderson becomes England's leading Test match wickettaker .
The 32yearold surpassed the record held by Sir Ian Botham (383)
Anderson picked up his 384th wicket during first Test against West Indies .
He took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin caught behind by Alastair Cook .
He drew level with Botham on 383 when Marlon Samuels edged to gully .
Jay Kantaria 38 leapt onto tracks at Sudbury Hill station in NW London .
He had recently left investment firm to start property development career .
Family say he had 'everything to live for' and death was 'out of the blue'
Coroner records open verdict as case 'just doesn’t seem to make sense'
Bettie Jo 24 from Houston was morbidly obese at almost 47st (660lbs)
Husband Josh tended to her basic  needs including showering and eating .
Last year she was given bariatric surgery .
Husband sabotaged her efforts to diet as still wanted to feel needed .
Relationship therapy and near death scare helped couple back on track .
With Josh's help Bettie Jo now weighs 35st 8lbs .
The 18yearold who goes by the name of Dark.Cyanide says he likes capturing the city from different perspectives .
He has climbed some of New York's tallest and most iconic buildings including one that was 72 storeys high .
Images including landmarks as never seen before such as One World Trade Centre and the Empire State Building .
Alex Salmond has been filmed mocking Labour's weakness in Scotland .
The former SNP leader said he would be in charge of Labour's first budget .
David Cameron said the footage which he tweeted would 'shock' voters .
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat Paris SaintGermain 31 .
The Uruguayan had a slow start at the club but is now in impressive form .
He has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games and six from six in Europe .
His relationship with Lionel Messi and Neymar has reaped rewards .
David Letterman made the joke while warming up his Late Show audience .
College staffer asked what advice the 'scandalscarred' comic could give .
The host told them 'Treat a lady like a wh–e and a wh–e like a lady'
Joke was met with stunned silence with some branding it 'disrespectful'
David Meyler is confident Hull will remain in the Premier League .
The midfielder has warned his teammates they are facing tough period .
Hull are currently just three points above the relegation drop zone .
Richard Sherman shared a photo of his son Rayden on Instagram .
Rayden was born on February 5 just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots .
Rayden's mother is Sherman's girlfriend Ashley Moss .
It was just announced the Seahawks would play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game .
Jobless Keith MacDonald 29 has fathered 15 children by 10 women .
He says he is now single after splitting from his latest pregnant girlfriend .
It is estimated he and his massive brood will cost the taxpayer £2million .
Macdonald who appeared on the Jeremy Kyle show meets his conquests on buses  and claims two of his children were conceived on the top deck .
Spinner named as new ambassador for Liverpool fan group Pak Reds .
The England star has been called up for last two Tests in West Indies .
Pak Reds group was founded in 2011 and attained official status in 2013 .
It has six different branches across Pakistan .
Dayot Upamecano was close to signing for Manchester United in January .
The 16yearold however opted to stay in France with Valenciennes .
Centreback Upamecano has played for France at U16 and U17 level .
Arsenal are also interested in the defender as Man City join chase .
Bank of England governor set to run London Marathon later this month .
Spotted tooled up in Hyde park with £35 Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt .
Device carring water and energy sachets resembles Batman's utility belt .
Previous popes had finessed the question of whether the killing of 1.5 million Armenians was genocide.
Because he often shines such a smiley face on the world it can be easy to forget the bluntness Francis sometimes brings to the bully pulpit .
Mystery passenger was detained when he and Scott were pulled over for missing tail light .
Recording of patrolman Michael Slager's radio call to colleagues released .
Officer shot dead unarmed 50yearold black father Walter Lamer Scott .
Slager can be heard telling dispatcher 'he grabbed my Taser' after shooting .
No indication Scott had ever had the officer's Taser or used it against him .
Rosa Camfield of Gilbert Arizona became an internet celebrity just before her death on Monday .
A picture of Camfield and her newborn greatgranddaughter Kaylee was shared thousands of times when it was posted online last week .
Daily Mail Online spoke with Camfield's family who detailed her amazing life story .
British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands .
Comes days after minister warned of 'very live threat' from Argentina .
ISIS and other rebel groups control most of the refugee camp activists say .
"Never has the hour been more desperate" in the camp U.N. says .
""Reports of kidnappings beheadings and mass killings" PLO official says .
Quinn Patrick stands over the fish while on a trip with his dad .
Bowfin propels itself from ground and slaps him in the face .
Makes a noise not dissimilar to a sound effect used in cartoons .
Youngster stumbles backwards but takes the hit remarkably well .
Technology is being used by yoghurt manufacturer Morinaga Milk Industry .
It was designed by Toyo Aluminium and is inspired by lotus leaves .
The Toyal Lotus lid's surface is covered in microscopic bumps .
These increases the contact angle for liquids to 170 degrees causing them to form spheres and roll off .
The scantilyclad strippers danced around the casket at Mr Jian's funeral .
Dancers were booked by deceased's wife as a final gift to her husband .
Tradition for exotic dancers at funerals began is linked to Taiwanese mafia .
"The Price Is Right" gives away a car ... accidentally .
A model makes a big mistake during a game .
Host Drew Carey thought the error was hilarious .
Sunderland face Stoke City next up in the Premier League on April 25 .
The Black Cats are just three points above the relegation zone .
Dick Advocaat has concerns about the strength of his players .
Manchester United scouts will watch Mauro Icardi this weekend .
Inter Milan travel to take on Verona in a Serie A match on Saturday .
Chelsea Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the Argentine .
READ: Manchester United consider Edinson Cavani transfer .
CLICK HERE for the latest Manchester United news .
Defender Jason Denayer will not be returning to Celtic next season .
Manchester City have decided he should play Championship football .
Denayer nominated for the PFA Scotland Player of the Year award .
CLICK HERE for all the latest Celtic news .
Andrew O'Clee 36 met first wife Michelle in 2000 and they married in 2008 .
He started affair in 2011 and forged document so he could marry Philippa .
But he was caught out in elaborate lie after video appeared on Facebook .
Despite the revelations Philippa 30 has vowed to stand by her man .
O'Clee was jailed for eight months at Chichester Crown Court for bigamy .
FEMAIL rounds up practical products for summer .
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sunproof Tshirt on her site .
Temperatureregulating dresses aim to keep you cool in hot climes .
Labour  unveils poster claiming voters lost £1100 each due to tax changes .
Ed Balls said 'millions are paying more while millionaires pay less'
Claimed the Prime Minister was planning a cut in the top rate of tax .
But Mr Cameron hailed a raft of tax cuts which have come into force today .
He said Labour is planning tax rises worth £3000 to every working family .
High temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula .
The World Meteorological Organization will make the final determination .
Sean Heslop has been questioned by detectives over the allegations .
He has been suspended from the academies in Folkestone and Ramsgate .
The governors confirmed a confidential investigation has been launched .
Mr Heslop has been released on police bail until July 30 .
Various fashion faux pas committed at the  arts and music festival .
Jaden Smith wore a tunic dress Paris Hilton donned catear headband .
Revellers wore neon swimsuits a Peter Pan costume and garish leggings .
Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee surrendered to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant on April 9 1865 .
The surrender in Appomattox Virginia is considered a milestone event in the ending of the Civil War .
Reenactors gathered in Appomattax for a reenactment of the Battle of Appomattox Courthouse .
Jay Parini: Bernie Sanders who is running for President is a liberal long shot but he's also a populist truthteller who speaks without fear .
He says the Vermont senator could help move Hillary Clinton to left on progressive issues .
Beloved children's performer Lois Lilienstein has died .
She was a member of CBC and Nickelodeon TV stars Sharon Lois and Bram .
CNN independently confirmed with Sharon and Bram's manager that Lilienstein passed away at 78 of a a rare cancer .
Country music star booked July 17 concert benefiting Sandy Hook Promise .
Conservative fans mad that star helping raise money for gun control .
Commenters say that he could slide to obscurity like the Dixie Chicks did after statements criticizing George W Bush .
Yo! Sushi founder Simon Woodroffe is among new signatories of letter .
He is a former Labour backer and appeared in a 2004 political broadcast .
Total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter praising the Tories .
The announcement will heap more pressure on Labour and Ed Miliband .
Researchers recorded chimps hunting with tools at Fongoli in Sénégal .
Tool use was spotted on 300 occasions and 60% was by females .
Male chimps did more hunting but tended to capture prey with their hands .
The findings may provide clues as to how humans first learned to use tools .
South Florida man David Etzel 36 allegedly lashed out after the 10pound lapdog bit him after he'd been drinking .
Veterinarians who called police said the injuries were comparable to those they seen in pets hit by cars .
Pet owner Michele Etzel says she never intends to speak to her 6foot8 son again .
Joseph Getty 26 drove his Range Rover through Belgravia while drunk .
He has been banned from driving for 20 months and fined £1000 .
Getty is the son of Getty Images founder and greatgrandson of oil baron .
The oceangoing tug MV Hamal was intercepted by HMS Somerset and Border Force vessel about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast .
Value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds .
Crew of the Hamal nine men aged between 26 and 63 were detained .
Julieane Jablonski 38 was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness .
Her son was seriously injured when he jumped out of a thirdfloor glass window without warning .
She allegedly told him to lie to police about where he got the pot .
The son Austin Essig took to the police department's Facebook page to describe his 'trip'
Leicester remain at the foot of the Premier League table after 31 games .
Foxes recently defeated West Ham and West Brom in consecutive games .
Manager Nigel Pearson insists survival is far from 'straightforward'
Generations of Everest climbers have left tons of trash .
The Indian army plans to remove at least 4000 kilograms from the peak .
Laura Smith charged with DUI public intoxication and child endangerment .
Was in her car in South Memphis Thursday night when a witnessed realized a little girl was driving .
The girl 10 was not Smith's daughter but they may be related .
Witnessed contained Smith in a parking lot but she attacked him .
Police arrived and arrested her .
The girl was returned to her mother and DCS were notified .
Clarkson has not spoken publicly about sacking since news broke in March .
He today gave 'heartfelt thanks' to fans saying he would 'miss being there'
Rippon 70 keen to return to show and wants woman in presenting lineup .
Meanwhile bosses are reportedly trying to cling onto James May and Richard Hammond .
Sunderland beat Newcastle 10 at the Stadium of Light on Sunday .
Jermain Defoe scored the winner with a stunning volley from 25 yards .
The striker was lost for words as he tried to describe the feeling .
Attorney General Holder reiterates Justice Department policy on prostitutes .
Soliciting prostitutes is banned even in places where it's legal Holder says .
His memo comes weeks after a report involving DEA agents and prostitutes .
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two year absence .
Former lightheavyweight champion takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal .
He had to come through protracted legal battle to feature at UFC 186 .
Zeus joined the Ridgefield Police Department in 2006 and retired in 2014 .
The 11yearold German Shepherd had severe degenerative hip disorder .
On Wednesday officers gave tribute to him in grand procession .
The K9 officer responsible for over 250 narcotics arrests .
Police department said he will be dearly missed but never forgotten .
Relegation strugglers Leicester City took the lead in the first half thanks to footballing legend Esteban Cambiasso .
Nigel Pearson's side had the chance to double their lead three minutes later when the hosts were awarded a penalty .
However Foxes striker David Nugent failed to convert the penalty as Spanish goalkeeper Adrian saved smartly .
West Ham United equalised with 32 minutes gone when Senegalese international Cheikhou Kouyate found the net .
Bot sides hit the post in the second half but it was Leicester City who earned a vital win thanks to Andy King .
Couple spends $1200 to ship their cat Felix on a flight from the United Arab Emirates .
Felix went missing somewhere at John F. Kennedy International Airport airline says .
Pets are "treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage" Jennifer Stewart says .
A group of Nevada sex workers Hookers For Hillary have come out in favor of the Democratic contender for president .
The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch a legal brothel in Carson City .
The group cite Clinton's work on health care reform foreign experience tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues .
David Beckham was a spectator as Romeo competed in minimarathon .
Beckham was joined by wife Victoria and sons Brooklyn and Cruz .
Family congratulated Romeo 12 at the finish line of threemile course .
